Project Gutenberg's Motion Pictures, 1894-1912, by Howard Lamarr Walls

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.



Title: Motion Pictures, 1894-1912

Author: Howard Lamarr Walls

Release Date: April 12, 2018 [EBook #56966]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK MOTION PICTURES, 1894-1912 ***




Produced by Richard Tonsing and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net (This file was
produced from images generously made available by The
Internet Archive)









                            Motion Pictures
                               1894–1912
   Identified from the Records of the United States Copyright Office


                                   by
                          Howard Lamarr Walls

[Illustration]

                                  1953


               COPYRIGHT OFFICE ☆ THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS




                          L. C. card, 53–60033


                For sale by the Register of Copyrights,
               Library of Congress, Washington 25, D. C.
                                Price $2

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                           Table of Contents


                                              _Page_
                   Motion Pictures, 1894–1912      1
                   Claimant Index                 71




                                Foreword


_Motion Pictures, 1894–1912_, is a catalog of those copyrighted works
identified as motion pictures by Howard Lamarr Walls which were produced
during the pioneer period of the motion picture industry. Inasmuch as
this catalog includes information supplied by Mr. Walls which does not
appear in the records of the Copyright Office, it is not considered a
part of the regular _Catalog of Copyright Entries, Cumulative Series_.
It supplements, however, the two volumes in the Cumulative Series,
_Motion Pictures, 1912–1939_ and _Motion Pictures, 1940–1949_. These
three volumes, together with the current issues of the _Catalog of
Copyright Entries, Third Series, Parts 12–13, Motion Pictures and
Filmstrips_, comprise an unbroken record of the copyright registration
of motion pictures and, also, an extensive although incomplete record of
motion picture production in the United States through the entire
history of the industry.

The catalog lists 8,506 works, representing approximately 6,000 titles,
which were registered in the Copyright Office as photographs and
identified as motion pictures by Mr. Walls. In making this
identification, the record books in the Copyright Office were searched
for the years 1893 through 1913. The first such registration found is
the _Edison Kinetoscopic Record of a Sneeze, January 7, 1894_, copyright
date January 9, 1894, and the last is the _Feast of Belshazzar_,
copyright date January 23, 1913. Twenty-four motion pictures were
registered in Class J, photographs, between August 24, 1912, the
effective date of the amendment to the copyright law establishing
classes for motion pictures, and the end of the year 1913. These
twenty-four motion pictures are listed in this catalog.

Familiarity with the individuals and organizations connected with the
production of motion pictures during the pioneer period was essential to
the identification as motion pictures of works registered as photographs
in the Copyright Office. Mr. Walls is uniquely fitted to make this
selection. He is at present Curator of the Motion Picture Collection of
the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Previously he was for
several years on the staff of the Copyright Office and during that
period was interested in the records of early motion pictures which
existed in the files of the Office, including the paper prints which
were deposited at the time of the registration of many of these motion
pictures. Later he became Curator of the Motion Picture Collection of
the Library of Congress and Reference Assistant in the Motion Picture
Division. He has had, therefore, long and intensive experience in
working with these early motion pictures and he is also familiar with
the organization of the records of the Copyright Office.

The preparation of the catalog for printing was principally the work of
the staff of the Cumulative Section of the Cataloging Division of the
Copyright Office. Mr. Walls reviewed all entries after they were
transcribed from the record books and assisted in editing them by adding
in brackets, whenever he could do so without additional research,
explanatory information in those cases in which the titles are not fully
self-explanatory. Except for these bracketed phrases the information
appearing in the entries in the catalog is that on record in the
Copyright Office.

In the case of each entry the name of the copyright claimant is that
given in the record book. Any information relating to renewal copyrights
or to subsequent changes of ownership recorded in the Copyright Office
can be ascertained upon request and upon payment to the Register of
Copyrights of the fee specified in the law for the conduct of a search
of the records. In addition, information relating to renewal copyrights
can be secured by referring to the issue of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_ covering renewal registrations for the particular class of work
during the renewal period.

In the _Claimant Index_ the name of each claimant is given in the
fullest form on record in the Copyright Office with cross-references
from variant forms. Full information in regard to the content of the
entries in the main section and in the index will be found in the
section, _How To Use This Catalog_, p. X.




                                Preface


The first public showing of motion pictures for a fee took place at the
Holland Brothers’ Kinetoscope Parlor, 1155 Broadway, New York City,
April 14, 1894. The making of motion pictures soon became a highly
competitive business, and producers were eager to obtain some sort of
protection for their works. The copyright law at that time did not
provide for the registration of motion pictures as such, and was not
amended to do so until August 24, 1912. The only course open to pioneer
producers was to register their works as photographs and hope that the
desired protection had been obtained. This became the practice in the
new industry.

Before 1900, all items were recorded in sequence as they were received
and registered (or “entered” as the law stated prior to 1909) in the
Copyright Office. The different types of material were distinguished
from one another only by a descriptive word or phrase; i.e., photograph,
book, musical composition, etc. On January 1, 1900, the Copyright Office
established Classes A, B, C, and D. Class D, Graphic Arts and
Miscellaneous, included photographs. On January 1, 1901, photographs
were placed in a class of their own—Class H. On March 4, 1909,
photographs were assigned to Class J and included both published and
unpublished works. All motion pictures copyrighted as photographs from
1894 to 1912, the period covered by this catalog, fall correspondingly
into these categories. They are recorded in over five hundred official
copyright record books, each of which contains about two thousand
entries. To compile the catalog it was necessary to search approximately
one million entries, and to determine—by title, or copyright claimant,
or both—which items recorded as photographs did, or did not, represent
motion pictures. The task was sizable and presented many difficulties;
but I hope that, with the margin for error customarily allotted even to
the best of compilers, I have produced an acceptable list. And, while
Dr. Luther H. Evans, Librarian of Congress, and Mr. Arthur Fisher, the
Register of Copyrights, have made it possible for this work to be
produced, it is only fair to say that the responsibility for omissions
which may later be discovered is certainly mine.

The first problem encountered, that of identifying the work, was the
biggest. Then, although the information in the record books was
acceptable in the light of requirements for copyright registration, it
was found all too frequently to be unsatisfactory from the standpoint of
a full description or a complete identification of the motion picture.
Lengths of films were seldom given; claimants had not always made it
clear as to whether numbers accompanying titles stood for parts, scenes,
reels, or production numbers; some films, copyrighted as separate
entities, were obviously only parts of a unified subject which the
claimant had failed to furnish; the articles in the titles were often
omitted; and, for the pre-1900 years, it was not always clear as to
whether certain titles referred to a Kineograph (thumb book), a
Mutoscope reel, or a 35mm film. There were numerous other deficiencies,
such as misspelling of names or words and omission of words other than
articles from titles.

A complete solution to the complexities and limitations existing in the
project would have required motion picture research, but such research
is beyond the scope or function of the Copyright Office, and of the
project for which I was employed. Hence, the record is passed along to
you precisely as it stands with minor additions and corrections.
Misspellings and similar minor errors have been dealt with by
corrections written within brackets. In several instances, where titles
of factual films are ambiguous as to persons, places, or things, it has
been possible to draw on first-hand knowledge to enhance their meaning
and significance. This information is also presented, within brackets,
with a view to increasing as much as possible the practical value of the
catalog. A general correlation of the films under supplied subject
headings was, as in the case of extensive research, considered beyond
the scope of the project. Such grouping has been left to those whose
special interest may require it. To facilitate such further research,
the _Claimant Index_ provides a chronological listing of titles by year
to bring them together in their significant time relationships.

After an examination of the record, it appears that the earliest motion
picture copyrighted was _Kinetoscopic Record of a Sneeze, January 7,
1894_. The claimant was William Kennedy Laurie Dickson, West Orange, New
Jersey. This film, popularly known in film circles as “Fred Ott’s
Sneeze,” and famous as one of the films which launched the modern motion
picture industry, now has added fame as the first to be registered for
copyright. There were only three other entries to the end of 1894. For
some inexplicable reason, there is a total gap from the end of 1894 to
October 23, 1896, at which date the registrations substantially began
and continued. One highly important irregularity in this connection must
be pointed out; there is evidence that the American Mutoscope and
Biograph Company, in its 1902 and 1903 registrations, submitted, along
with current material, a considerable backlog of pictures produced from
late 1895 to 1902. An appreciable amount of research would have to be
done to clarify the wide discrepancies between the production and
copyright dates of this company. There is no evidence that other
claimants followed this practice.

Not all motion pictures produced from 1894 to 1912 appear in the
copyright record. However, the overwhelming majority do—representing
nearly every important advance made in the first 18 years of the medium.
The record pertaining to the newsreel type of film affords some
surprise. The entries for these are rather profuse and important from
1896 to 1907, after which there are practically no entries during the
period under consideration. It is clear that by 1908 fictional
entertainment had become an almost exclusive business with the industry.

Although the entries in the record books of the Copyright Office do not
indicate the exact physical nature of items submitted by claimants as
copyright deposits, an investigation of the Library of Congress holdings
of this material revealed a heterogeneous collection. Claimants
submitted deposits indiscriminately and variously in the following
forms: Mutoscope reels; sample 35mm frames from every scene in a motion
picture, in the form of positive photographic paper prints or on
celluloid; photographic stills or enlargements—one each of
representative, but not all, scenes from a motion picture; photographs
of the sets used in a motion picture; Kineographs (popularly known as
thumb books or flip books); and, most important of all, complete motion
pictures printed on 35mm positive photographic paper rolls.

About half of the films listed in this catalog are represented in the
Library’s collection of paper prints. Other films are available in other
collections or are likely to be located in the future in forgotten
storage places. An ingenious way has been found to rephotograph the
paper prints on celluloid by the optical printing process in order that
they may be put to current use.

Here is a cross section of the nonfictional film titles, selected at
random from this early collection: “Street Scene, Chicago” (1897);
“Troop Ships for the Philippines” (1898); “Burial of the Maine Victims”
(1898); “Admiral Dewey Landing at Gibraltar” (1899); “Sharkey-Jeffries
Fight” (1899); “Automobile Parade” (1900); “Boers Bringing in British
Prisoners” (1900); “President McKinley Taking Oath of Office” (1901);
“President McKinley’s Funeral Cortege at Washington, D. C.” (1901);
“Anna Held” (1902); “Princeton and Yale Football Game” (1903); “Opening
Ceremonies, New York Subway” (1904); “Senator Mark Hanna” (1904);
“Inauguration of President Theodore Roosevelt” (1905); “Scenes and
Incidents, Russo-Japanese Peace Conference, Portsmouth, New Hampshire”
(1905); and hundreds of other similar films which bring back an almost
forgotten era.

These films depict the true customs, dress, and manners of the time and
place; they show general world events, Presidential inaugurations;
events of the Spanish-American War, noted political figures and other
personalities, fires and disasters, sports, popular dances, and many
other phases in the life of this period.

Changes in techniques or styles of motion picture production cannot
affect the importance of these films. Specialized students of the motion
picture and drama will derive profit and pleasure from seeing the first
attempts to tell a story on the screen, the evolution of screen syntax
by D. W. Griffith, and the first appearances of such celebrities as Mary
Pickford, and the films listed in this catalog and preserved in the
Library of Congress and elsewhere will have an even wider appeal to
general historians, sociologists, and educators who may have no interest
in the motion picture as such.

It is hoped that this catalog will serve not only those seeking
information regarding the copyright history and status of these films
but will also be of material assistance to those studying the motion
picture as an art, as an important means of communication, as a
historical record, or as an effective social force.

                                                     HOWARD LAMARR WALLS




                        How To Use This Catalog


This catalog consists of two parts: _Motion Pictures, 1894–1912_, which
is a list of main entries arranged alphabetically under title, and a
_Claimant Index_, which is a list of the claimants of copyright in the
motion pictures included in the main section.


                       Motion Pictures, 1894–1912

The items which constitute each entry are given below in the order in
which they appear. In general, the entry consists only of title, name of
the claimant of copyright, date of the beginning of the copyright term,
and registration number. Other information is included if given in the
record books. Explanatory and corrective information not available in
the records of the Copyright Office and supplied by the compiler, Mr.
Howard L. Walls, always appears in brackets.

  1. _Title._ The title is given in the form in which it appears in the
    record book. The main title is followed, as applicable, by subtitle,
    alternate title, and translated title. Cross-references from
    alternate and translated titles are included in the list.
    Information which appears in the title in the record book and which
    relates to the principal player or to the number of parts and scenes
    is given in a brief statement following the title as described
    above. Sometimes such information includes a numeral which may well
    have had originally some descriptive value but which cannot now be
    identified, either as a production number, a catalog number, or a
    number indicating the relationship of the particular film to other
    films. In many instances, the successive scenes or parts of a motion
    picture were registered separately, each registration including the
    main title and the title of the particular part. In such cases the
    main title is given, followed by other elements in the entry
    relating to the whole motion picture, and the numbers and titles of
    the separate parts are listed below the main part of the entry, each
    part of the title being followed by information relating to it
    alone.

  2. _Name of the claimant._ This name is given as it appears in the
    record book and is immediately preceded by the copyright symbol ©.

  3. _Date._ This date includes the day, month, and year of the
    beginning of the term of copyright protection and is determined by
    different requirements in the periods separated by the date July 1,
    1909. Prior to July 1 of that year, the date of the recording in the
    Copyright Office of the title page of a published work determined
    the beginning of the term of copyright protection. During this
    period the law also provided for the deposit of two copies of the
    work when published. Because the record of these deposits was not
    consistently kept in the record books, the information has been
    omitted from the entries in this catalog. Beginning with July 1,
    1909, provision was made for copyright protection both of published
    and of unpublished works in some classes, among which photographs
    and, later, motion pictures were included. For published works, the
    date of the beginning of the term of copyright was determined by the
    date of publication supplied in the application; for unpublished
    works, by the deposit of one copy in the Copyright Office. These
    facts are indicated in the entries by the use of date alone for all
    published works and by the addition of the abbreviation _1c_
    immediately preceding the date for all unpublished works.

  4. _Registration number._ Prior to January 1, 1900, all works were
    numbered in sequence as they were registered, and a new series of
    numbers was established at the beginning of each calendar year. In
    citing the number for any registration made during this period, the
    year date must, therefore, be given. To achieve brevity, however,
    the year date is not repeated in the entry in connection with the
    registration number, because the number immediately follows the full
    date in each entry. Beginning with January 1, 1900, the material
    received in the Copyright Office was divided for purposes of
    registration into classes designated by letters of the alphabet.
    Three different series of classes were used in chronological
    sequence during the next 12 years; in consequence, the registration
    numbers of motion pictures registered as photographs included in
    this catalog are preceded by class designations as follows:

                      January 1–December 31, 1900 D
                      January 1, 1901–June 30, 1909 H
                      July 1, 1909–January 23, 1913 J


                           _Sample Entries_:

  THE AWKWARD MAN; or, OH! SO CLUMSY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    19June1907; H95361.

  CORBETT AND COURTNEY BEFORE THE KINETOGRAPH. © Wm. K. L. Dickson;
    17Nov1894; 53707.

  EDNA’S IMPRISONMENT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.

      Scene 1. © 9May1911; J155327.

      Scene 2. © 9May1911; J155328.

      Scene 3. © 9May1911; J155329.

      Scene 4. © 9May1911; J155330.

  SOUVENIR STRIP OF THE EDISON KINETOSCOPE [Sandow, the modern
    Hercules]. © W. K. L. Dickson; 18May1894; 10777.

  OH! SO CLUMSY. SEE The Awkward Man.

  WILLIAM J. BRYAN IN THE BIOGRAPH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Sept1900; D17977.


                             Claimant Index

This index lists the names of the claimants of copyright in the motion
pictures included in the main section. Each name is given in the fullest
form on record in the Copyright Office with cross-references from
variant forms. The names are arranged alphabetically under the
distinctive part of each name. Under each name are listed the titles of
the motion pictures connected with the name, arranged, first,
chronologically by the year date, and, second, alphabetically by title.




               Copyright Office – The Library of Congress

                       MOTION PICTURES, 1894–1912

                           ERRATA AND ADDENDA


                  The following lists of corrections
                  and additions to _Motion Pictures,
                  1894–1912_ have been compiled by the
                  staff of the Copyright Office from
                  information gathered and generously
                  contributed by Miss Elizabeth
                  Franklin of the Academy of Motion
                  Picture Arts and Sciences during the
                  course of two summers’ work on the
                  paper print collection of the
                  Library of Congress. The corrections
                  cover both typographical errors and
                  variances between information on the
                  paper prints and in the record books
                  of the office. Mr. Howard L. Walls
                  was limited to the record books in
                  making his original selection. Most
                  of the additions consist of films
                  not readily identifiable as such
                  from the record book entries, since
                  before 1912 motion pictures were
                  registered simply as photographs.


                                 ERRATA

 Page

   16 DISCOVERIES OF BODIES. For DISCOVERIES read DISCOVERY.

   23 GIRLS SWIMMING. For SWIMMING read SWINGING.

   32 LAS VEGAS [i.e., LA VIGA] CANAL, MEXICO. For LAS VEGAS read LAS
        VIGAS.

   32 LAS VEGAS [i.e., LA VIGA] CANAL, MEXICO CITY. For LAS VEGAS read
        LAS VIGAS.

   34 LITTLE LILLIAN, TOE DANSEUSE. Omit TOE.

   38 MINING OPERATIONS, PENNSYLVANIA FIELDS. For PENNSYLVANIA FIELDS
        read PENNSYLVANIA COAL FIELDS.

   42 OLD GENTLEMAN SPRINKLES. For SPRINKLES read SPINKLES.

   45 PANORAMIC VIEW OF THE CHAMPS ELYSEES. © Thomas A. Edison;
        29Aug1900; D18581. Registration number should be D18582.

   48 PRESIDENT MCKINLEY. Should be PRESIDENT MCKINLEY LEAVING
        OBSERVATORY, MT. TOM, HOLYOKE, MASS.

   50 REILY’S LIGHT BATTERY F. For REILY’S read REILLY’S.

   51 REVIEW OF CADETS, WEST POINT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
        8July1903; H33283, H33387. Second registration number should be
        H33287.

   54 SCENE IN THE SWISS VILLAGE AT PARIS EXPOSITION. © Thomas A.
        Edison; 29Aug1900; D18582. Registration number should be D18581.

   60 10TH U. S. INFANTRY, 2ND BATTALION LEAVING CARS. For AND read 2ND.

   64 AN UNEXPECTED FEMALE. Should be AN UNPROTECTED FEMALE, NO. 2.


                                ADDENDA

  AN AFFAIR OF HEARTS. © Biograph Co.; 23May1910; J141593.

  ATLANTIC CITY FLORAL PARADE. © Percival L. Waters; 22June1904; H47449.

  THE AUTO-SOMNAMBULIST. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75818.

  BEFORE THE BALL. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75820.

  BOLD BANK ROBBERY. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 25July1904; H48436.

  CASEY AND HIS NEIGHBOR’S GOAT. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Oct1903; H36501.

  THE CHARIOT RACE. © Kalem Co.; 22Nov1907; H102798.

  CHEST AND NECK DEVELOPMENT. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75807.

  CLOWN JUGGLER. © Winthrop Press; 6Sept1906; H82617.

  THE COLONEL’S FRIEND. © Frank Graham; 12July1905; H63157.

  DAD’S A GENTLEMAN TOO. © Frank Graham; 12July1905; H63156.

  DEEP BREATHING AND CHEST EXPANSION. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906;
    H75806.

  DEVELOPING MUSCLES OF BACK AND CHEST. © Winthrop Press; 18 Apr 1906;
    H75812.

  DEVELOPING MUSCLES OF CHEST AND ABDOMEN. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906;
    H75808.

  DIAL’S GIRLS’ BAND, LUNA PARK. © Eugene Dial; 25Oct1905; H67888.

  DREAM OF THE RACE TRACK FIEND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    6Oct1905; H67066.

  EAST SIDE URCHINS BATHING IN A FOUNTAIN. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Oct1903;
    H36495.

  EPILEPTIC SEIZURE NO. 8. © Walter G. Chase; 13Jan1906; H71845.

  EVERYBODY WORKS BUT MOTHER. © Winthrop Press; 22May1906; H78024.

  THE EXTRA TURN. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Oct1903; H36496.

  A FAIR EXCHANGE. © Biograph Co.; 22Sept1909; J132094.

  GAME OF CHESS. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75815.

  GOLD IS NOT ALL. © Biograph Co.; 1Apr1910; J139986.

  GOOD NIGHT. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75817.

  GOODBYE JOHN. 70 mm. © Winthrop Moving Picture Co.; 24May1907; H94484.

  THE GREAT TORONTO FIRE, TORONTO, CANADA, APRIL 19, 1904. © George
    Scott & Co.; 27May1904; H46445.

  HAVE A LIGHT, SIR. © Winthrop Press; 22May1906; H78023.

  HERE’S TO THE PRETTIEST. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75811.

  HIS LAST BURGLARY. © Biograph Co.; 26Feb1910; J138678.

  IRISH REEL. © Winthrop Press; 6Sept1906; H82614.

  IT WAS COMING TO HIM. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75810.

  KISSES SWEET. © Winthrop Press; 22May1906; H78021.

  MARRIED FOR MILLIONS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26Dec1906;
    H88152.

  MR. BUTT-IN-SKY. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75809.

  NEW YEAR’S TOAST. © Winthrop Press; 22May1906; H78022.

  NEW YORK CITY PUBLIC BATH. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Oct1903; H36497.

  THE OATH AND THE MAN. © Biograph Co.; 26Sept1910; J145784.

  PARADE, FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY ATLANTIC CITY, N. J. © Percival L.
    Waters; 22June1904; H47450.

  PENNSYLVANIA MONUMENT AT FORT MAHONE NEAR PETERSBURG, VA. © Columbia
    Photograph Co.; 18Dec1909; J136000.

  THE PHYSICAL CULTURE GIRL. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Oct1903; H36499.

  POKER IN THE WEST. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75814.

  RECEPTION OF PRESIDENT TAFT IN PETERSBURG, VIRGINIA, MAY 19TH, 1909. ©
    Columbia Photograph Co.; 29July1909; J129814.

  A ROMANCE OF THE RAIL. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Oct1903; H36500.

  SERIOUS SIXTEEN. © Biograph Co.; 23July1910; J143502.

  SHE WAS GOOD TO HIM. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75805.

  SUBSTITUTE FOR SMOKING. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75819.

  TAKING HIS MEDICINE. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75816.

  THREE OF A KIND. © Winthrop Press; 6Sept1906; H82616.

  THROUGH THE BREAKERS. © Biograph Co.; 8Dec1909; J135642.

  TRYING IT ON THE DOG. © Winthrop Press; 6Sept1906; H82615.

  THE TWO BROTHERS. © Biograph Co.; 14May1910; J141292.

  TWO CHAPPIES IN A BOX. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Oct1903; H36498.

  TWO LITTLE WAIFS. © Biograph Co.; 3Nov1910; J147286.

  THE TWO PATHS. © Biograph Co.; 4Jan1911; J150122.

  UNEXPECTED HELP. © Biograph Co.; 30July1910; J143826.

  WHITE STAR S. S. BALTIC LEAVING PIER ON FIRST EASTERN VOYAGE. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 16July1904; H48202.

  WILLIE’S FIRST SMOKE. © Thomas A. Edison; 4Feb1899; 10649.

  YOU WON’T CUT ANY ICE WITH ME. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75813.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                            Motion Pictures
                               1894–1912

                  An alphabetical list, under title,
                  of copyrighted works identified by
                  Howard L. Walls as motion pictures
                  that were registered during the
                  period 1894–1912. For full
                  information relating to the contents
                  of the entries see _How To Use This
                  Catalog_, p. X.


                                   A

  A B C’S OF THE U. S. A. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 16Feb1909; H122975.

  THE “ABBOT” & “CRESCEUS” RACE. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Aug1901; H7988.

  THE ABDUCTORS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24July1905;
    H63799.

  ABE GETS EVEN WITH FATHER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 5Dec1911; J163419.

  AN ABSENT-MINDED CUPID, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 9July1909;
    J129735–37.

  ACADEMY OF MUSIC FIRE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Dec1903;
    H39143.

  AN ACADIAN ELOPEMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Sept1907;
    H99704.

  ACCIDENTS WILL HAPPEN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Feb1903;
    H27981.

  ACCIDENTS WILL HAPPEN, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 13May1910;
    H141613–14.

  THE ACCOMODATING COW. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23777.

  THE ACROBATIC BURGLARS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 19July1906;
    H80934.

  ACROBATIC MONKEY. © Thomas A. Edison; 15Mar1898; 17709.

  ACROBATIC PILLS. © S. Lubin; 25Mar1908; H107906.

  ACROSS THE SUBWAY VIADUCT, NEW YORK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 8Feb1905; H56521.

  AN ACT OF UNSELFISHNESS. SEE Liberty for an Hour.

  THE ACTOR ANNOYS THE BOARDERS. © S. Lubin; 24July1907; H97080.

  THE ADJUSTABLE BED. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19May1905;
    H61112.

  ADMIRAL CIGARETTE. © Thos. A. Edison; 5Aug1897; 44332.

  ADMIRAL DEWEY AT STATE HOUSE, BOSTON. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1899;
    69558.

  ADMIRAL DEWEY LANDING AT GIBRALTAR [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 27Sept1899; 62823.

  ADMIRAL DEWEY LEADING LAND PARADE [Spanish-American War; Dewey
    Homecoming, New York City]. © Thomas A. Edison; 5Oct1899; 64681.

  ADMIRAL DEWEY LEADING LAND PARADE, no. 2. [Spanish-American War; Dewey
    Homecoming, New York City]. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Oct1899; 65369.

  ADMIRAL DEWEY PASSING CATHOLIC CLUB STAND [Spanish-American War; Dewey
    Homecoming, New York City]. © Thomas A. Edison; 5Oct1899; 64680.

  ADMIRAL DEWEY RECEIVING THE WASHINGTON AND NEW YORK COMMITTEES
    [Spanish-American War; Dewey Homecoming, New York City]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 2Oct1899; 63830.

  ADMIRAL DEWEY TAKING LEAVE OF WASHINGTON COMMITTEE ON THE U. S.
    CRUISER “OLYMPIA” [Spanish-American War; Dewey Homecoming, New York
    City]. © Thomas A. Edison; 2Oct1899; 63831.

  ADMIRAL SAMPSON ON BOARD THE FLAGSHIP [Spanish-American War; New York
    City Welcome to Admiral Sampson’s Fleet after Battle of Santiago
    Bay]. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52057.

  THE ADOPTION, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 11Nov1910; J148065–68.

  ADRIFT. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 1Aug1912; J171841.

  ADVANCE GUARD, RETURN OF N. J. TROOPS [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 7Oct1898; 59211.

  ADVANCE OF KANSAS VOLUNTEERS AT CALOOCAN [Spanish-American War]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 5June1899; 37443.

  THE ADVENTURES OF A BABY, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.;
    9Aug1911; J158325–28.

  ADVENTURES OF A DRUMMER BOY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    26Feb1909; H123374.

  THE ADVENTURES OF AN OLD FLIRT, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    6Feb1909; H122674–78.

  THE ADVENTURES OF BILLY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 21Oct1911; J161914.

  ADVENTURES OF DOLLIE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10July1908;
    H113248.

  THE ADVENTURES OF FIFINE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 20July1909;
    J129600.

  ADVENTURES OF MR. TROUBLES. © S. Lubin; 13June1908: H111808.

  THE ADVENTURES OF PERCY WHITE AND PAULINE WELLS. SEE The Two Traveling
    Boys.

  THE ADVENTURES OF SHERLOCK HOLMES; or, HELD FOR A RANSOM. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 6Sept1905; H65145.

  THE ADVENTURES OF ULYSSES. SEE The Homer’s Odyssey.

  THE AEROPLANE INVENTOR, parts 1–2. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 20Apr1912;
    J168388–89.

  THE AFFAIR OF AN EGG. © Biograph Co.; 1c 6Sept1910; J144968.

  AN AFFAIR OF ART, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24June1909;
    H128783–785.

  AN AFFAIR OF HEARTS. © Biograph Co.; 23May1910; J141593.

  AN AFFAIR OF HONOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23803.

  AN AFFAIR OF HONOR. © S. Lubin; 13May1901; H4282.

  “AFRICANDER” WINNING THE SUBURBAN HANDICAP, 1903. © Thomas A. Edison;
    27June1903; H33004.

  AFTER LAUNCHING. © Thomas A. Edison; 10Mar1898; 16426.

  AFTER MANY DAYS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 9July1912;
    J171198–201.

  AFTER MANY YEARS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Oct1908;
    H117541.

  AFTER MANY YEARS. © Imp Films Co.; 18Jan1912; J164578.

  AFTER MIDNIGHT; or, A BURGLAR’S DAUGHTER. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 1Apr1908; H108126.

  AFTER THE BACHELORS’ BALL. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 20Mar1909; H124439.

  AFTER THE BALL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Jan1911; J150107.

  AFTER THE EXPLOSION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904;
    H46948.

  AFTER THE FIRST SNOW. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13July1903;
    H33408.

  AFTER THE RACE—YACHTS RETURNING TO ANCHORAGE [America’s Cup Races;
    Columbia and Shamrock I]. © Thomas A. Edison; 20Oct1899; 68177.

  AFTERNOON TEA ON BOARD S. S. “DORIC.” © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898;
    38227.

  THE AGGRESSOR. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 19Oct1911; J161543.

  AGUINALDO’S NAVY [Spanish-American War]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 18Apr1902; H16737.

  AÏDA, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison. Inc.; 5May1911; J155335–38.

  THE AIRSHIP; or, 100 YEARS HENCE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    2Apr1908; H108161.

  AIRY FAIRY LILLIAN TRIES ON HER NEW CORSETS. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 3Nov1905; H68182.

  AL TRELOAR IN MUSCLE EXERCISES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3May1905; H60288.

  ALADDIN UP-TO-DATE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 4Sept1912;
    J176523–26.

  ALCOHOL, THE POISON OF HUMANITY. © Eclair Film Co.; 1c 22Jan1912;
    J165361.

  ALGY, THE WATCHMAN. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8June1912; J170133.

  ALGY’S GLORIOUS FOURTH OF JULY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    7June1902; H18744.

  ALICE’S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    9Sept1910; J145542–45.

  ALL A MISTAKE. © Imp Films Co.; 27Jan1912; J165053.

      On same reel with A Day on a Buffalo Ranch.

  ALL ABOARD! or, FUNNY EPISODES IN A STREET CAR. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 18June1906; H79499.

  ALL FOR HER. © Imp Films Co.; 2May1912; J168880.

  ALL FOR THE LOVE OF A LADY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    14Mar1911, J153379–82.

  ALL ON ACCOUNT OF A BUTTERFLY. © S. Lubin; 3Oct1908; H116473.

  ALL ON ACCOUNT OF A LAUNDRY, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24May1910;
    J141785–87.

  ALL ON ACCOUNT OF THE MILK. © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Jan1910; J137280.

  ALL THAT GLITTERS IS NOT GOLD. SEE Plain Mame.

  ALLABAD; the Arabian wizard. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Nov1902; H23812.

  ALL’S FAIR IN LOVE, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 29Oct1909;
    J134001–003.

  ALL’S FAIR IN LOVE AND WAR. (First and last scenes). © Capital Film
    Co.; 8Oct1910; J146805.

  ALL’S WELL THAT ENDS WELL. SEE A Case of Spirits.

  ALMOST A HERO, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 23Sept1910; J145940–43.

  ALMOST A KING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23Dec1903; H39906.

  ALONE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28July1904; H48624.

  ALONE IN NEW YORK, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 27Aug1912;
    J176439–42.

  ALPHONSE & GASTON. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23787.

  ALPHONSE AND GASTON. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.

      1–2. © 31Oct1903; H37437–38.

      3. © 27Oct1903; H37366.

  ALPHONSE & GASTON HELPING AN IRISHMAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 11Nov1902; H23785.

  AN ALPINE ECHO; or, THE SYMPHONY OF A SWISS MUSIC BOX. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 11Sept1909; J131598.

  ALWAYS ROOM FOR ONE MORE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Sept1905; H65316.

  THE AMATEUR CHAMPION. © S. Lubin; 21Aug1907; H98644.

  THE AMATEUR HYPNOTIST. © S. Lubin; 28Jan1908; H105598.

  AMATEUR NIGHT; or, GET THE HOOK. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    15Apr1907; H92666.

  AMATEUR NIGHT, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7Dec1910; J148700–03.

  THE AMATEUR WILLIAM TELL, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 10Sept1909;
    J131581–83.

  AMBULANCE AT THE ACCIDENT. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60592.

  AMBULANCE CALL. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60591.

  AMERICAN AND CUBAN FLAG. © Thomas A. Edison; 5Mar1897; 15442.

  AMERICAN FALLS FROM ABOVE, AMERICAN SIDE [Niagara Falls]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 12Dec1896; 67877.

  AMERICAN FALLS—FROM BOTTOM, CANADIAN SHORE [Niagara Falls]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 24Dec1896; 70074.

  AMERICAN FALLS—FROM INCLINE R. R. [Niagara Falls]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    24Dec1896; 70073.

  AMERICAN FALLS, GOAT ISLAND [Niagara Falls]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903; H30733.

  AMERICAN FALLS, GOAT ISLAND [Niagara Falls]. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    7Jan1897; 3560.

  AMERICAN FALLS, LUNA ISLAND [Niagara Falls]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903; H30732.

  AMERICAN FALLS, LUNA ISLAND [Niagara Falls]. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    7Jan1897; 3553.

  AMERICAN FLAG. © Thomas A. Edison.

      © 15Mar1898; 17705.

      © 17Mar1898; 18130.

  THE AMERICAN FLEET IN HAMPTON ROADS, 1909, AFTER GIRDLING THE GLOBE. ©
    Edward Daniel Macfee, Jr.; 26Mar1909; H124864.

  THE AMERICAN SOLDIER IN LOVE AND WAR, no. 1–3. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 21July1903; H33641–43.

  AMERICAN SOLDIERS DEFEATING FILIPINOS NEAR MANILLA [i.e. MANILA]
    [Spanish-American War]. © Siegmund Lubin; 11Aug1899; 51687.

  AMETA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903; H30752.

  THE AMOROUS MILITIAMAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Dec1904; H54666.

  AMOSKEAG VETERANS, NEW HAMPSHIRE [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 8May1897; 28514.

  ANCIENT AND HONORABLE ARTILLERY OF LONDON ON PARADE. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 20Oct1903; H36946.

  THE ANCIENT AND HONORABLES HOMEWARD BOUND. © Thomas A. Edison;
    20Oct1903; H36947.

  AND A LITTLE CHILD SHALL LEAD THEM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 13Mar1909; H123958.

  AND A LITTLE CHILD SHALL LEAD THEM. © S. Lubin; 15Feb1908; H106260.

  AND HIS COAT CAME BACK. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 28Jan1909;
    H122212.

  AND PAT TOOK HIM AT HIS WORD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Jan1904; H40816.

  AND THE DOG CAME BACK. © S. Lubin; 25Mar1907; H91920.

  AND THE VILLAIN STILL PURSUED HER; or, THE AUTHOR’S DREAM. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 23Nov1906; H85585.

  THE ANGEL AND THE STRANDED TROUPE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 12June1912; J170311–14.

  THE ANGEL CHILD, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 14Dec1908; H119660–63.

  AN ANGELIC SERVANT. © Geo. Méliès; 13Dec1907; H103575.

  ANGLER’S NIGHTMARE. © Geo. Méliès; 13Sept1905; H65360.

  THE ANIMATED COSTUMES. © Geo. Méliès; 29Sept1904; H50961.

  AN ANIMATED DUMMY. © S. Lubin; 9Dec1907; H103459.

  THE ANIMATED DUMMY. © S. Lubin; 28Jan1908; H105596.

  AN ANIMATED LUNCHEON. © Thomas A. Edison; 28Feb1900; D4731.

  ANIMATED PAINTING. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Feb1904; H42209.

  ANIMATED PICTURE STUDIO. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    20Nov1903, H38401.

  THE ANIMATED POSTER. © Thomas A. Edison; 28Oct1903; H37395.

  ANIMATED SNOWBALLS, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 12Mar1908;
    H107645–49.

  ANNA HELD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.

      © 29May1901; H4670.

      © 12Apr1902; H16386.

  ANNA HELD, no. 10. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11July1901;
    H5921.

  ANNABELLE IN FLAG DANCE. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896; 68818.

  ANNUAL BABY PARADE, 1904, ASBURY PARK, N. J. © Thomas A. Edison;
    12Sept1904; H50382.

  ANNUAL CELEBRATION OF SCHOOL CHILDREN, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    26Nov1909; J135652–55.

  ANNUAL PARADE, NEW YORK FIRE DEPARTMENT. © Thomas A. Edison;
    17May1904; H46128.

  ANOTHER JOB FOR THE UNDERTAKER. © Thomas A. Edison; 15May1901; H4369.

  ANOTHER NAME WAS MAUDE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2May1906,
    H76575.

  ANTI-RACE SUICIDE. SEE The Strenuous Life.

  ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA; the love story of the noblest Roman and the most
    beautiful Egyptian. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 26Oct1908;
    H117451.

  THE APPARITION. © George Méliès; 12Oct1903; H36705.

  LES APPARITIONS FUGITIVES. © George Méliès; 23Feb1904; H42523.

  APPLE PIE, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 19June1912;
    J170527–29.

  APPOINTMENT BY TELEPHONE. © Thomas A. Edison; 15May1902; H17675.

  APPRENTICE BOYS AT NEWPORT [R. I.] NAVAL TRAINING STATION, scenes 1–3.
    © Edison Mfg. Co.; 10Aug1909; J130716–18.

  APRIL FOOL, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 29Mar1911;
    J153735–38.

  AN APRIL FOOL JOKE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11June1903;
    H32494.

  AQUARIUM. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3536.

  ARAB ACT, LUNA PARK [Coney Island]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 6Oct1903; H36553.

  ARABIAN GUN TWIRLER. © Thomas A. Edison; 20Mar1899; 20770.

  ARABIAN JEWISH DANCE. © Thomas A. Edison; 17June1903; H32802.

  THE ARBITRATOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Jan1904; H40724.

  AN ARCADIAN MAID. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Aug1910; J143884.

  ARCHIBALD CHUBBS AND THE WIDOW, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    27Mar1912; J167602–05.

  AN ARDENT WOOER. SEE The Perpetual Proposal.

  ARE YOU THE MAN? © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 18May1909; H127182.

  THE ARMENIAN ARCHBISHOP, ROME. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Sept1903; H35646.

  ARMOUR’S ELECTRIC TROLLEY [Chicago]. © Thomas A. Edison; 31July1897;
    43409.

  ARMS AND THE WOMAN, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 30Nov1910;
    J148450–53.

  THE ARMY OF TWO, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 30Oct1908; H117654–59.

  AROUND NEW YORK IN 15 MINUTES. © Paley & Steiner; 31Jan1905; H56326.

  AROUND THE FLIP-FLAP RAILROAD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18Apr1902; H16733.

  AROUND THE MULBERRY BUSH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5Sept1902; H21503.

  AN ARREST AT NEW HAVEN, CONN., no. 93. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    4Feb1897; 9241.

  ARREST IN CHINATOWN, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. © Thomas A. Edison;
    25Oct1897, 60596.

  ARREST OF A SHOPLIFTER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Sept1903; H35649.

  ARRIVAL MAHUKONA EXPRESS, KOHALA, HAWAII. © Thomas A. Edison;
    11Aug1906; H81956.

  ARRIVAL OF EMIGRANTS [i.e. IMMIGRANTS], ELLIS ISLAND. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9May1906; H77049.

  ARRIVAL OF MCKINLEY’S FUNERAL TRAIN AT CANTON, OHIO. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 26Sept1901; H9082.

  ARRIVAL OF PRINCE HENRY [OF PRUSSIA] AND PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT AT
    SHOOTER’S ISLAND. © Thomas A. Edison; 1Mar1902; H14607.

  ARRIVAL OF THE GOVERNOR GENERAL, LORD MINTO, AT QUEBEC. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 17Feb1902; H14291.

  ARRIVAL OF TOKYO TRAIN. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38208.

  ARRIVAL OF TRAIN AT MUSKOKA WHARF. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 6Mar1903; H29004.

  ARRIVAL OF TRAIN, CHEYENNE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    29May1903; H32294.

  ARRIVAL OF TRAIN, TIENTSIN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23May1902; H18044.

  ARRIVAL OF TRAIN, TOKIO, JAPAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Oct1903; H36867.

  THE ART OF MAKING SILVER PLATE. © Imp Films Co.; 1June1912; J169857.

  THE ART OF MAKING UP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Apr1902;
    H16726.

  ART STUDIES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Mar1903; H29003.

  THE ARTIST AND THE BRAIN SPECIALIST, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 22May1912; J169667–69.

  THE ARTIST’S DILEMMA. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Dec1901; H11475.

  THE ARTIST’S DREAM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Feb1903;
    H28555.

  AN ARTIST’S DREAM. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Mar1900; D6369.

  THE ARTIST’S JOKE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 10July1912;
    J171202–05.

  AN ARTIST’S MODEL WANTED. © S. Lubin; 1Aug1908; H114115.

  ARTIST’S POINT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11May1903;
    H31668.

  THE ARTIST’S REVENGE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 31July1909;
    J130047.

  THE ARTIST’S STUDIO. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 29May1903;
    H32295.

  AS A BOY DREAMS. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 24Aug1911; J159098.

  AS IN A LOOKING GLASS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 29May1903;
    H32297.

  AS IN A LOOKING GLASS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20Dec1911; J163801.

  AS IT IS IN LIFE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 6Apr1910; J140186.

  AS SEEN ON THE CURTAIN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    20Jan1904; H41044.

  AS THE BELLS RANG OUT. © Biograph Co.; 1c 23July1910; J143501.

  ASAKUSA TEMPLE, TOKIO, JAPAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Oct1903; H36868.

  ASHES, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7Jan1910; J137021–24.

  ASIA IN AMERICA, ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 28May1904; H46575.

  ASSEMBLING A GENERATOR, WESTINGHOUSE WORKS. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 10May1904; H45598.

  ASSEMBLING AND TESTING TURBINES. WESTINGHOUSE CO. WORKS. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23July1904; H48412.

  THE ASTONISHING FRAME. © Geo. Méliès; 12Oct1904; H51561.

  ASTOR BATTERY ON PARADE [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    27Jan1899; 8651.

  THE ASTOR TRAMP. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Nov1899; 77520.

  AT JONES’ FERRY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 8Sept1911;
    J159984–87.

  AT THE ALTAR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26Feb1909; H123389.

  AT THE COTTAGE DOOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904;
    H46942.

  AT THE DENTIST. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 16Feb1909; H122976.

  AT THE DRESSMAKER’S. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Oct1903;
    H36557.

  AT THE FOOT OF THE FLATIRON. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2Nov1903; H37499.

  AT THE FOUNTAIN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Sept1902;
    H22093.

  AT THE FRENCH BALL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 20June1908;
    H112127.

  AT THE HOTEL MIX-UP. © Geo. Méliès; 26Aug1908; H115114.

  AT THE POINT OF THE SWORD, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    16Feb1912; J166543–46.

  AT THE STAGE DOOR; or, BRIDGET’S ROMANCE. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 19Feb1908; H106451.

  AT THE THRESHOLD OF LIFE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    13Oct1911; J161649–52.

  AT THE WESER (SONG). © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Feb1909; H122571.

  ATHLETIC AMERICAN GIRLS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 16July1907;
    H96627.

  THE ATHLETIC GIRL AND THE BURGLAR, no. 1–2. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 3May1905; H60295–96.

  ATLANTA AUTOMOBILE SPEEDWAY RACES, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    29Nov1909; J135825–28.

  ATLANTIC CITY BATHERS. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896; 68826.

  ATLANTIC CITY BOARDWALK. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896; 68820.

  ATLANTIC CITY BOARDWALK, no. 102. © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897;
    9243.

  ATLANTIC CITY FIRE DEPARTMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    26Apr1902; H17043.

  ATLANTIC CITY FLORAL PARADE. © Percival L. Waters; 22June1904; H47449.

  AN ATTACK BY TORPEDO BOATS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    4Apr1903; H30184.

  ATTACK ON FORT BOONESBORO. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23June1906; H79819.

  THE ATTACK ON PORT ARTHUR [Russo-Japanese War]. © William N. Selig;
    12Mar1904; H43183.

  THE ATTACK ON THE MILL, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 12Aug1910;
    J145115–18.

  ATTEMPT TO ESCAPE THAT LED TO MISFORTUNE. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 13July1903; H33418.

  AU CLAIR DE LA LUNE. © Geo. Méliès; 15Jan1904; H40879.

  AUNT EMMY’S SCRAP BOOK. © S. Lubin; 16Dec1908; H119725.

  AUNT JANE AND THE TOBASCO SAUCE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    7June1902; H18747.

  AUNT JANE’S EXPERIENCE WITH TOBASCO SAUCE. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 30Jan1903; H27772.

  AUNT MIRANDA’S CAT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 8May1912;
    J169302–05.

  AUNT SALLIE’S WONDERFUL BUSTLE. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Aug1901; H7640.

  AUNTIE TAKES THE CHILDREN TO THE COUNTRY. © S. Lubin; 10Oct1908;
    H116792.

  THE AUTHOR’S DREAM. SEE And the Villain Still Pursued Her.

  AUTO BANDITS OF PARIS, 2 parts. © Société Francaise des Films et
    Cinematographes Eclair; 1c 6July1912; J170857.

  AUTO BOAT RACE ON THE HUDSON. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18June1904; H47332.

  AN AUTO HEROINE; or, THE RACE FOR THE VITAGRAPH CUP AND HOW IT WAS
    WON. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10Oct1908; H116781.

  THE AUTO MANIAC. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 27Mar1909; H124899.

  THE AUTOMATIC LAUNDRY. © S. Lubin; 9Mar1908; H107120.

  THE AUTOMATIC WEATHER PROPHET. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Mar1901; H2475.

  AN AUTOMOBILE CHASE. © Geo. Méliès.

      1. In the Mountains. © 20June1905; H62442.

      2. The Town—Due at Dijon. © 20June1905; H62443.

      3. The Garage. © 11July1905; H63096.

      4. In the Country. © 11July1905; H63097.

      5. Monte Carlo. © 11July1905; H63098.

  AUTOMOBILE PARADE. © Thomas A. Edison; 6Feb1900; D3293.

  AUTOMOBILE PARADE ON THE CONEY ISLAND BOULEVARD. © Thomas A. Edison;
    29Nov1901; H10870.

  AUTOMOBILE RACE FOR THE VANDERBILT CUP [Long Island, N. Y.]. ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17Oct1904; H51702.

  THE AUTOMOBILE THIEVES. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 22Sept1906;
    H82958.

  AUTOMOBILING AMONG THE CLOUDS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    1Oct1904; H51121.

  THE AUTO-SOMNAMBULIST. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75818.

  AVENGED; or, THE TWO SISTERS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    16June1908; H111879.

  AVENGING A CRIME; or, BURNED AT THE STAKE. © Paley and Steiner;
    19Nov1904; H53418.

  THE AVIATOR AND THE JOURNALIST’S WIFE, parts 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c
    26Aug1911; J159432–34.

  THE AVIATOR’S GENEROSITY, parts 1–2. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 10Apr1912;
    J168002–03.

  THE AWAKENING. © Biograph Co.; 1c 2Oct1909; J132453.

  THE AWAKENING OF JOHN BOND, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    5Dec1911; J164290–93.

  THE AWAKENING OF MR. COON. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 17June1909; H128494.

  AWAKENING OF RIP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 29Dec1902;
    H25400.

  AWAKENING OF RIP, no. 51. © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9237.

  AN AWFUL MOMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Dec1908;
    H119490.

  THE AWKWARD MAN; or, OH! SO CLUMSY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    19June1907; H95361.

  THE AWKWARD WAITER: WAITER WAITING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 16Dec1904; H54342.


                                   B

  B.P.O.E.—THE BENEVOLENT PROTECTIVE ORDER OF ELKS CONVENTION AT
    ATLANTIC CITY, JULY 10 TO 15, 1911, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison,
    Inc.; 27July1911; J158539–42.

  BABE AND PUPPIES. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Apr1904; H44669.

  BABES IN THE WOOD. © S. Lubin; 1May1903; H31302.

  THE BABIES’ QUARREL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Apr1902;
    H16350.

  BABIES ROLLING EGGS. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Apr1902; H16124.

  THE BABY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.

      © 4Sept1903; H35396.

      © 9Oct1903; H36654.

  THE BABY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 12Mar1912; J167310–13.

  THE BABY AND THE PUPPIES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9Aug1904; H48985.

  THE BABY AND THE STORK. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8Jan1912; J164467.

  BABY CLASS AT LUNCH. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1903; H35376.

  THE BABY ELEPHANT. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 20Aug1907; H98481.

  BABY IN A RAGE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Sept1902;
    H21510.

  BABY LUND AND HER PETS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.

      © 20June1903; H32867.

      © 18July1903; H33537.

  BABY MERRY-GO-ROUND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18July1903;
    H33540.

  THE BABY OF THE BOARDING HOUSE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    10May1911; J155339–42.

  BABY PLAYING IN GUTTER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5Sept1902; H21509.

  THE BABY REVIEW. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 1Sept1903; H35328.

  BABY’S DAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Jan1905; H56068.

  BABY’S FALL, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 15Mar1911;
    J153371–74.

  A BABY’S SHOE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10May1909;
    H126827.

  BABY’S TOOTH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2July1902; H19657.

  A BACHELOR’S BABY; or, A GENERAL MISUNDERSTANDING. © The Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 16June1908; H111878.

  A BACHELOR’S SUPPER, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 10Feb1909;
    H122813–16.

  THE BACHELOR’S WATERLOO, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    17Jan1912; J165023–26.

  BACHELOR’S WEDDING BELLS. © S. Lubin; 11Jan1908; H105054.

  BACK TO HIS OWN HOME TOWN. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 6Jan1912;
    J164088.

      On same reel with Playing The Game.

  BACKWARD, TURN BACKWARD, O TIME, IN YOUR FLIGHT, scenes 1–4. © Edison
    Mfg. Co.; 3Sept1909; J131480–83.

  THE BAD BOY AND THE GROCERY MAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23Jan1905; H56152.

  THE BAD BOYS’ JOKE ON THE NURSE. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Aug1901; H7636.

  BAD BOY’S JOKE ON THE NURSE. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Dec1904; H54487.

  A BAD (K)NIGHT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23800.

  THE BAD MAN: A TALE OF THE WEST. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    17Jan1907; H89461.

  THE BAD MAN FROM RILEY’S GULCH, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    4Feb1910; J138041–42.

  THE BADGER GAME. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9May1905;
    H60656.

  BAKE THAT CHICKEN PIE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 16Feb1909; H122977.

  BAKERS IN TROUBLE. © Geo. Méliès; 20Nov1907; H102684.

  BALKED AT THE ALTAR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15Aug1908;
    H114598.

  THE BALL GAME. © Thomas A. Edison; 20May1898; 31442.

  A BALL OF YARN: MOTHER & DAUGHTER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 16Dec1904; H54339.

  THE BALLET DANCER, parts 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 1Dec1911;
    J163336–38.

  THE BALLET MASTER’S DREAM. © George Méliès; 4Dec1903; H38792.

  THE BALLET REHEARSAL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Dec1903;
    H38860.

  BALLOON ASCENSION, MARIONETTES. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Oct1898; 59206.

  BALLOON RACE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Aug1903; H34980.

  A BALLROOM TRAGEDY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22June1905;
    H62508.

  BALLY-HOO CAKE WALK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21May1903;
    H32078.

  THE BAMBOO SLIDE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4June1904;
    H32384.

  THE BANDIT KING. © William N. Selig; 11Apr1907; H92502.

  THE BANDITS; or, A STORY OF SUNNY ITALY. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 25June1907; H95537.

  THE BANDIT’S WATERLOO. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    28July1908; H113969.

  THE BANK DEFAULTER. © S. Lubin; 11Oct1906; H83690.

  THE BANK MESSENGER. © S. Lubin; 10Dec1908; H119479.

  THE BANK PRESIDENT’S SON, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    14May1912; J169446–49.

  THE BANK ROBBERY. © Oklahoma Natural Mutoscene Co.; 28Dec1908;
    H120453.

  THE BANKER’S DAUGHTERS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22Oct1910; J146849.

  BARBARA FRITCHIE, the story of a patriotic American woman. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 29Oct1908; H117587.

  THE BARBARIAN INGOMAR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 1Oct1908;
    H116387.

  BARBER OF SEVILLA. © Geo. Méliès; 19July1904.

      The Entrance to the Church. H48336.

      The Square. H48337.

      The Drawing Room. H48338.

      The Kitchen. H48339.

  THE BARBER’S DEE-LIGHT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3May1905;
    H60292.

  THE BARBER’S PRETTY PATIENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19May1905; H61111.

  THE BARBER’S QUEER CUSTOMER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    14June1902; H19018.

  BAREBACK HURDLE JUMPING. © Thos. A. Edison; 21Apr1897; 24885.

  BARGAIN DAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Feb1903; H27979.

  BARGAIN DAY, 14th STREET, NEW YORK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 20Apr1905; H59778.

  THE BARGAIN FIEND; or, SHOPPING A LA MODE. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 16July1907; H96628.

  BARGAIN SALES. © S. Lubin; 23Oct1907; H101548.

  THE BARNSTORMERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Nov1905;
    H68796.

  THE BARON. © Biograph Co.; 1c 5Sept1911; J159734.

  BASKET BALL, MISSOURI VALLEY COLLEGE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 10May1904; H45596.

  BASS FISHING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Jan1903; H26843.

  BATHERS AND LIFEBOAT, ATLANTIC CITY. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    7Jan1897; 3542.

  BATHING; or, CHARLIE AND MARY IN THE COUNTRY. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 15Sept1908; H115620.

  BATHING AT ATLANTIC CITY. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Aug1901; H7984.

  BATHING GIRLS HURDLE RACE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2July1903; H33209.

  BATHING IN SAMOA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Sept1903;
    H35641.

  BATHING UNDER DIFFICULTIES. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 13Aug1907;
    H98137.

  BATTERY A, LIGHT ARTILLERY, U. S. ARMY [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 15Mar1897; 17403.

  BATTERY B ARRIVING AT CAMP [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    20May1898; 31435.

  BATTERY B, GOVERNOR’S TROOP, PENNA. [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 8May1897; 28522.

  BATTERY B PITCHING CAMP. [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    20May1898; 31437.

  BATTERY K SIEGE GUNS [Spanish-American War; Dewey Homecoming, New York
    City]. © Thos. A. Edison; 7Oct1899; 65371.

  BATTERY PARK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903; H30725.

  THE BATTLE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 7Nov1911; J162613.

  BATTLE FLAG OF THE 10TH PENNA. VOLS, CARRIED IN THE PHILIPPINES. © S.
    Lubin; 28Nov1899; 77601.

  BATTLE FLAGS OF THE 9TH U. S. INFANTRY. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 28July1903; H33881.

  THE BATTLE OF BUNKER HILL, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    8Aug1911; J158928–31.

  BATTLE OF CHEMULPO BAY [Russo-Japanese War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    12Apr1904; H44434.

  BATTLE OF CONFETTI AT THE NICE CARNIVAL. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Apr1903;
    H30407.

  BATTLE OF FLOWERS AT THE NICE CARNIVAL. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Apr1903;
    H30410.

  THE BATTLE OF JEFFRIES AND SHARKEY FOR CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD. ©
    James H. White; 4Nov1899; 72364.

  BATTLE OF MAFEKING [Boer War]. © Thomas A. Edison; 28Apr1900; D9117.

  THE BATTLE OF MT. ARIAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Aug1903; H34100.

  THE BATTLE OF SAN JUAN [Spanish-American War]. © S. Lubin; 27Feb1899;
    15420.

  THE BATTLE OF THE RED MEN, parts 1–2. © New York Motion Picture Co.;
    8Mar1912; J167052.

  THE BATTLE OF THE WILLS. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 21Aug1911;
    J159003. On same reel with Love in a Tepee.

  THE BATTLE OF THE YALU [Russo-Japanese War]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.

      1. © 29Mar1904; H44025.

      2. © 23Mar1904; H43619.

      3. © 23Mar1904; H43620.

      4. © 23Mar1904; H43618.

  THE BATTLE OF TRAFALGAR, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    22Sept1911; J160020–23.

  THE BATTLE OF TWO PALMS—ACTION OF MARCH 12, 1912, AT BENGHASI,
    TRIPOLI, BETWEEN THE ITALIAN AND TURKISH ARMIES, parts 1–2. © Crown
    Feature Film Co.; 1c 25June1912; J170522–23.

  THE BATTLE OFF CHEMULPO [Russo-Japanese War]. © William N. Selig;
    12Mar1904; H43182.

  THE BATTLEGROUND. © American Film Mfg. Co.; 24July1912; J172127.

  BATTLESHIP “INDIANA” IN ACTION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Jan1905; H55395.

  BATTLESHIP “ODIN.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4Apr1903;
    H30183.

  BATTLESHIPS IN ACTION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Oct1902;
    H22207.

  BATTLESHIPS “IOWA” AND “MASSACHUSETTS.” © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 31Dec1902; H25965.

  BAXTER’S BRAIN STORM. © S. Lubin; 20Sept1907; H99882.

  BAYONET EXERCISES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Jul1903;
    H33883.

  BE GOOD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.

      © 11Apr1903; H30462.

      © 11May1903; H31666.

  BEACH APPARATUS—PRACTICE. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60573.

  THE BEACH AT CONEY ISLAND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    28July1904; H48623.

  BEAR HUNT IN THE ROCKIES, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 11Jan1910;
    J137181–84.

  BEARDED YOUTH. © Biograph Co.; 1c 21June1911; J156841.

  A BEAST AT BAY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 29May1912; J169785.

  BEAT AT HIS OWN GAME. © Imp Films Co.; 2Mar1912; J166891.

  THE BEAUTIFUL VOICE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Aug1911; J158429.

  BEAUTY AND THE BEAST. © Siegmund Lubin; 1May1903; H31311.

  BEFORE THE BALL. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75820.

  BEG PARDON. © S. Lubin; 9Mar1908; H107119.

  BEGINNING OF A SKYSCRAPER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18Apr1902; H16723.

  BEHIND THE SCENES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 29Aug1908;
    H115211.

  BEHIND THE SCREEN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Mar1904;
    H43571.

  BEHIND THE TIMES. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 17Aug1911;
    J158748.

  A BELATED MEAL. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 21Apr1909; H126016.

  BELIEVE ME. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 16Feb1909; H122978.

  BELIEVE ME IF ALL THOSE ENDEARING YOUNG CHARMS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas
    A. Edison, Inc.; 6Sept1912; J176471–74.

  THE BELLE OF THE BALL. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 23Mar1907;
    H91885.

  BELLES OF THE BEACH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Oct1902;
    H22203.

  THE BELLRINGER’S DAUGHTER, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 10June1910;
    J142276–79.

  BENARES AND AGRA, INDIA, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    23Sept1912; J176550–53.

  THE BENCH IN THE PARK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Jan1904;
    H40808.

  THE BENGAL LANCERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13Aug1903;
    H34519.

  BERTHA CLAICHE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 1Sept1905;
    H65077.

  THE BESSEMER STEEL CONVERTER IN OPERATION. © Thomas A. Edison;
    7Apr1902; H16123.

  BETRAYED BY HAND PRINTS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    27Aug1908; H115136.

  BETSY ROSS DANCE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 25June1903;
    H32944.

  THE BETTER WAY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 13Aug1909; J130564.

  THE BETTER WAY. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 12Oct1911; J161181.

  BETTY’S BUTTONS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 30Aug1911;
    J159410–13.

  BETTY’S CHOICE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 5Oct1909; J132844.

  BETWEEN THE DANCES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 20June1905;
    H62450.

  BETWEEN TWO FIRES, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.; 31Mar1911;
    J153935–38.

  BEULAH BINFORD’S OWN STORY. © Special Feature Film Co.; 18Sept1911;
    J160248.

  THE BEWILDERING CABINET. © Geo. Méliès; 6Aug1907; H97725.

  THE BEWITCHED TRAVELLER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Aug1904; H49049.

  THE BIBULOUS CLOTHIER. © Thomas A. Edison; 23June1899; 41137.

  BI-CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION AT MOBILE. © Independent Moving Picture Co.;
    31July1911; J158307.

      On same reel with The Skating Bug.

  THE BICYCLE BUG’S DREAM. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 18Sept1911;
    J160857.

      On same reel with Charlestown Hurricane and Flood.

  BICYCLE PACED RACE. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Aug1901; H7635.

  BICYCLE TRICK RIDING, no. 2. © Thomas A. Edison; 20Mar1899; 20771.

  BIDDY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Dec1904; H54354.

  EIN BIER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8May1902; H17489.

  THE BIG DAM, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 23Sept1911;
    J160001–03.

  BIG-HEARTED JIM, scene 1. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 12Aug1912;
    J172199.

  THE BIG SCOOP, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 6Sept1910; J145155–58.

  THE BIGAMIST. © Paley & Steiner; 25Apr1905; H60030.

  THE BIGAMIST’S TRIAL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3May1905;
    H60291.

  BILL TAFT. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 2Dec1911; J163160.

      On same reel with Percy The Masher.

  BILL, THE BILL POSTER, 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 5Nov1909; J134993–95.

  BILL, THE BILL POSTER, AND PETE, THE PAPERHANGER. © The Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 16May1908; H110578.

  BILLIE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 7May1912; J169290–93.

  BILLY SEANCE. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 16Dec1911; J163499.

      On same reel with Bungalow Burglars.

  BILLY’S STRATAGEM. © Biograph Co.; 1c 12Feb1912; J166224.

  BIOGRAPH’S IMPROVED INCUBATOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Nov1902; H23788.

  A BIRD IN A GILDED CAGE, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 8Mar1909;
    H123769–74.

  BIRD’S-EYE VIEW OF DOCK FRONT, GALVESTON [Galveston, Texas, Hurricane
    and Tidal Wave]. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Sept1900; D18561.

  BIRD’S-EYE VIEW OF SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., FROM A BALLOON. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 11Jan1902; H13040.

  THE BIRTH AND ADVENTURES OF A FOUNTAIN PEN. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 17July1909; J129604.

  BIRTH OF THE PEARL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 30Jan1903;
    H27773.

  A BITING BUSINESS. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 23Oct1911;
    J161834.

  A BITTER LESSON. © S. Lubin; 9Nov1908; H118062.

  BLACK AND WHITE; or, THE MYSTERY OF A BROOKLYN BABY CARRIAGE. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 19Sept1905; H65778.

  THE BLACK ARROW, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 10Nov1911;
    J162465–68.

  THE BLACK BORDERED LETTER, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 27Jan1911;
    J151471–74.

  THE BLACK CHANCELLOR, parts 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 23Aug1912;
    J172425.

  BLACK DIAMOND EXPRESS. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Dec1896; 67875.

  BLACK DIAMOND EXPRESS, no. 1–2. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Apr1897;
    26109–10.

  THE BLACK HAND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Mar1906;
    H74805.

  THE BLACK IMP. © Geo. Méliès; 21Mar1905; H58073.

  BLACK SHEEP. © Biograph Co.; 1c 1Aug1912; J171872.

  A BLACK STORM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4Apr1903; H30180.

  THE BLACK VIPER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16July1908;
    H113479.

  BLACKMAIL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 30Aug1905; H65052.

  THE BLACKSMITH’S DAUGHTER. © S. Lubin; 10Aug1907; H97965.

  A BLANK CHECK. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 18May1909; H127183.

  BLANKET-TOSSING A NEW RECRUIT. [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 22June1898; 38240.

  BLAZING THE TRAIL, parts 1–2. © New York Motion Picture Co.;
    15Apr1912; J168435.

  BLESSED IS THE PEACEMAKER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Oct1903; H36677.

  A BLESSING FROM ABOVE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Feb1904;
    H41859.

  THE BLIND BOY. © S. Lubin; 22Jan1908; H105388.

  BLIND MAN’S BUFF. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Feb1904;
    H42042.

  THE BLIND MUSICIAN. © S. Lubin; 19Jan1909; H121761.

  THE BLIND PRINCESS AND THE POET. © Biograph Co.; 1c 19Aug1911;
    J159032.

  BLINKS AND JINKS, ATTORNEYS AT LAW, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 1May1912; J168977–80.

  THE BLIZZARD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 31Dec1902; H25966.

  BLOOD IS THICKER THAN WATER. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 8Aug1912;
    J171890.

  THE BLOODSTONE. © S. Lubin; 25Sept1908; H116148.

  A BLOT IN THE SCUTCHEON. © Biograph Co; 1c 29Jan1912; J165263.

  THE BLUE AND THE GRAY; or, THE DAYS OF ’61, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg.
    Co.; 11June1908; H111675–80.

  BLUEBEARD, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 26Nov1909; J135659–62.

  A BLUFF FROM A TENDERFOOT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9Jan1903; H26846.

  THE BOARDING HOUSE BATHROOM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3May1905; H60287.

  BOARDING SCHOOL GIRLS. © Thomas A. Edison; 1Sept1905; H65085.

  A BOARDING SCHOOL PRANK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    21July1903; H33649.

  BOAT RACE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Jan1905; H55396.

  BOAT WAGON AND BEACH CART. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60574.

  BOATING CARNIVAL, PALM BEACH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13Feb1905; H56665.

  BOATING ON THE LAKE. © Thomas A. Edison; 5June1897; 34229.

  BOATS UNDER OARS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7June1902;
    H18742.

  BOB AND ROWDY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 28July1911;
    J158317–20.

  BOB KICK, L’ENFANT TERRIBLE. © George Méliès; 6Nov1903; H37665.

  BOB KICK, THE MISCHIEVOUS KID. © Geo. Méliès; 6Nov1903; H37667.

  BOBBY THE COWARD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 15July1911; J157652.

  BOBBY’S KODAK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Feb1908; H105983.

  BOER COMMISSARY TRAIN TREKING. © Thomas A. Edison; 28Apr1900; D9118.

  THE BOER WAR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15Sept1905; H65560.

  BOERS BRINGING IN BRITISH PRISONERS. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Apr1900;
    D7810.

  THE BOGUS LORD. © S. Lubin; 23July1907; H97037.

  THE BOHEMIAN CAFÉ. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904.
    H46945.

  BOLD BANK ROBBERY. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 25July1904; H48436.

  THE BOLD SOGER BOY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Feb1904;
    H42242.

  BOMBARDMENT OF TAKU FORTS, BY THE ALLIED FLEETS [Boxer Uprising,
    China]. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Aug1900; D16704.

  UNE BONNE FARCE AVEC MA TÊTE. SEE Un Prêté pour un rendu.

  THE BOOK WORM. © The Selig Polyscope; 21June1907; H95424.

  A BOOMERANG. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Aug1903; H34814.

  BOTTLES’ BABY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 21June1910; J143133–36.

  THE BOOTS HE COULDN’T LOSE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 9June1909;
    H128164–67.

  BORROWED CLOTHES; or, FINE FEATHERS MAKE FINE BIRDS. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 24Aug1909; J130878.

  THE BORROWING GIRL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Jan1904;
    H40942.

  THE BORROWING GIRL AND THE ATOMIZER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 5Feb1904; H41860.

  THE BOSS OF LUMBER CAMP NO. 4, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    19Apr1912; J168497–500.

  THE BOSTON HORSELESS FIRE DEPARTMENT. © Thomas A. Edison; 15Sept1899;
    59372.

  BOSTON SCHOOL CADETS, 3RD REGIMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 22Apr1902; H16925.

  THE BOSTON TEA PARTY, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 11July1908;
    H113297–301.

  THE BO’SUN’S WATCH, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 22Nov1911;
    J162737–40.

  A BOWERY CAFE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 20June1903;
    H32871.

  THE BOWERY KISS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902;
    H24883.

  BOWERY WALTZ. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Sept1897; 53736.

  BOXING FOR POINTS. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 80588.

  BOXING HORSES, LUNA PARK, CONEY ISLAND. © Thomas A. Edison;
    25July1904; H48519.

  THE BOY AND THE GIRL, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 30Aug1912;
    J176459–62.

  THE BOY DETECTIVE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Mar1908;
    H107074.

  THE BOY DETECTIVE. SEE Stolen Plans.

  THE BOY IN THE BARREL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13July1903; H33414.

  BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA IN CAMP AT SILVER BAY, LAKE GEORGE, N. Y.,
    scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 1Nov1910; J147335–38.

  THE BOY, THE BUST AND THE BATH. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    24July1907; H97044.

  THE BOY UNDER THE TABLE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Jan1904; H40752.

  BOYHOOD DREAMS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 3Mar1909; H123627–30.

  BOYS BATHING; LEAPFROG—ATLANTIC CITY, N. J. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    7Jan1897; 3555.

  A BOY’S BEST FRIEND. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 14Aug1911;
    J158749.

  BOYS DIVING, HONOLULU. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Apr1902;
    H16361.

  THE BOYS HELP THEMSELVES TO FOXY GRANDPA’S CIGARS. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23May1902; H18038.

  THE BOYS, STILL DETERMINED, TRY IT AGAIN ON FOXY GRANDPA, WITH THE
    SAME RESULT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23May1902; H18037.

  THE BOYS THINK THEY HAVE ONE ON FOXY GRANDPA, BUT HE FOOLS THEM. ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23May1902; H18036.

  THE BOYS TRY TO PUT ONE UP ON FOXY GRANDPA. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 23May1902; H18035.

  BOYS WILL BE BOYS. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 26Apr1909; H126161.

  BOYS WILL BE BOYS—HAT TRICK, no. 112. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    4Feb1897; 9250.

  BOYVILLE FIRE BRIGADE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4June1903;
    H32388.

  BRADFORD’S CLAIM, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 29Mar1910;
    J140172–75.

  BRADHURST FIELD CLUB 4 MILE RUN. © Imp Films Co.; 8Apr1912; J168429.

  THE BRAGGART; or, WHAT HE SAID HE WOULD DO AND WHAT HE REALLY DID. ©
    The Vitagraph Co. of America; 29May1908; H111179.

  THE BRAHMA DIAMOND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Feb1909;
    H122508.

  BRAIN-SERUM. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 18May1909; H127184.

  THE BRAND OF CAIN. SEE Retribution.

  BRANDING CATTLE. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13529.

  BRANNIGAN SETS OFF THE BLAST. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    27Sept1906; H83102.

  BRAVE AND BOLD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Jan1912; J164602.

  THE BRAVE HUNTER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22Apr1912; J168476.

  A BRAVE IRISH LASS; the story of an eviction in Ireland. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 13Mar1909; H123953.

  THE BREACH OF DISCIPLINE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 2Oct1910;
    J147207–10.

  BREACH OF PROMISE. © Imp Films Co.; 4May1912; J168955.

  A BREAK FOR FREEDOM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15Dec1905;
    H70058.

  THE BREAKDOWN. © Imp Films Co.; 3June1912; J169879.

  BREAKING OF THE CROWD AT MILITARY REVIEW AT LONGCHAMPS. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 29Aug1900 D18580.

  BREAKING THE SEVENTH COMMANDMENT. © Independent Moving Picture Co.;
    20Nov1911; J162533.

  A BREEZE FROM THE WEST. © S. Lubin; 23Oct1907; H101545.

  THE BRIDAL CHAMBER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24July1905;
    H63798.

  BRIDAL COUPLE DODGING CAMERAS, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    6May1908; H110243–48.

  BRIDAL VEIL FALLS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8May1902;
    H17492.

  A BRIDE AND GROOM’S VISIT TO THE ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS, scenes 1–4. ©
    Edison Mfg. Co.; 9Nov1909; J134989–92.

  THE BRIDE OF LAMMERMOOR; a tragedy of Bonnie Scotland. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 19Dec1908; H120078.

  THE BRIDE OF TABAIVA. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 29Dec1908;
    H120476.

  A BRIDE WON BY BRAVERY. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 3May1909; H126439.

  THE BRIDEGROOM’S DILEMMA, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 23July1909;
    J129794–97.

  THE BRIDE’S DREAM. © S. Lubin; 16Mar1908; H107536.

  THE BRIDGE OF SIGHS, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 12Oct1908;
    H116915–20.

  BRIDGE TRAFFIC, MANILA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23May1902; H18043.

  BRIDGET ON STRIKE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10May1909; H126776.

  BRIDGET’S ROMANCE. SEE At the Stage Door.

  BRIDGET’S SUDDEN WEALTH, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    7Sept1912; J176463–66.

  BRIDGET’S TROUBLES. © Paley & Steiner; 20Jan1905; H56271.

  BRINGING UP A GIRL IN THE WAY SHE SHOULD GO, no. 1–2. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 30Oct1905; H68122–23.

  BRITISH LIGHT ARTILLERY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Aug1903; H34101.

  BRITT-NELSON FIGHT. SEE Impersonation of Britt-Nelson Fight.

  BROADWAY & PARK ROW, FRONT OF U. S. POST OFFICE, N. Y., no. 105. ©
    American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9244.

  BROADWAY & UNION SQUARE, NEW YORK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 8July1903; H33290.

  THE BROADWAY MASSAGE PARLOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    30Aug1905; H65054.

  BROADWAY, NEW YORK, AT MADISON SQUARE, no. 113. © American Mutoscope
    Co.; 4Feb1897; 9251.

  BROCKTON FAIR AND HORSE SHOW, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    15Dec1911; J164282–85.

  BROKE; or, HOW TIMOTHY ESCAPED. © Independent Moving Picture Co.;
    30Dec1911; J163923.

      On same reel with Lessons to Husbands.

  THE BROKEN CROSS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10Apr1911; J153942.

  THE BROKEN DOLL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 19Oct1910; J146623.

  A BROKEN HEART. © S. Lubin; 27Nov1908; H118910.

  BROKEN LEASE. © Imp Films Co.; 23Feb1912; J166790.

  THE BROKEN LOCKET. © Biograph Co.; 1c 17Sept1909; J131862.

  THE BROKEN VIOLIN. © Geo. Méliès; 2June1908; H111272.

  THE BROKER’S ATHLETIC TYPEWRITER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9May1905; H60654.

  BRONCHO BUSTING SCENES, CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD. © Thomas A. Edison;
    26Nov1902; H24359.

  BROOK TROUT FISHING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Apr1902;
    H16650.

  THE BROOKLYN HANDICAP, 1904. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3June1904; H46715.

  THE BROTHERS. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 14Sept1911; J159917.

  BROTHERS IN ARMS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 25May1909;
    H127588–91.

  BROTHERS OF THE MISERICORDIA, ROME. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 12Sept1903; H35647.

  BROWN MOVES TO TOWN. © Imp Films Co.; 3Feb1912; J165547.

      On same reel with O’Brien’s Busy Day.

  BRUSH BETWEEN COWBOYS AND INDIANS. © Thomas A. Edison; 16May1904;
    H46138.

  BRYAN’S RECEPTION IN NEW YORK. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    4Sept1906; H82518.

  BUBBLES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2Feb1904; H41757.

  BUCK DANCE. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13556.

  A BUCKET OF CREAM ALE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Feb1904;
    H42001.

  A BUCKING BRONCHO. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Mar1903;
    H29002.

  BUCKING BRONCOS. © Thomas A. Edison; 18May1904; H46139.

  BUCKING THE BUZZARD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 31Dec1902;
    H25960.

  BUCKSKIN JACK, THE EARL OF GLENMORE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 12Dec1911; J164350–53.

  BUFFALO BILL AND ESCORT [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 8May1897; 28517.

  BUFFALO BILL’S WILD WEST AND PAWNEE BILL’S FAR EAST, parts 1–3. ©
    Buffalo Bill & Pawnee Bill Film Co.; 1c 7Nov1910; J147545–47.

  BUFFALO BILL’S WILD WEST PARADE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2July1902; H19660.

  BUFFALO BULL FIGHT. © Charles J. Jones; 16Nov1905; H68780.

  BUFFALO FIRE DEPARTMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    26Apr1902; H17038.

  BUFFALO FIRE DEPARTMENT IN ACTION. © Thomas A. Edison; 31July1897;
    43411.

  BUFFALO HORSE MARKET. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Dec1896; 70076.

  BUFFALO POLICE ON PARADE. © Thomas A. Edison; 31July1897; 43417.

  BUFFALO STOCKYARDS. © Thomas A. Edison; 31July1897; 43408.

  BUILDING A HARBOR AT SAN PEDRO. © Thomas A. Edison; 19Dec1901; H11749.

  BUILDING THE GREATEST DAM IN THE WORLD. © Imp Films Co.; 22Jan1912;
    J164817.

  THE BULL AND THE PICNICKERS. © Thomas A. Edison; 29Oct1902; H23243.

  BULL FIGHT, no. 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison; 10Mar1898; 16431–33.

  BULL FIGHT IN NUEVA. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 15June1912; J170269.

  BUMPTIOUS AS A FIREMAN, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 16Sept1910;
    J145681–84.

  BUMPTIOUS AS AN AVIATOR, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 29July1910;
    J143946–49.

  BUMPTIOUS AS ROMEO, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 1Feb1911;
    J151537–40.

  BUMPTIOUS PLAYS BASEBALL, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7Oct1910;
    J146436–39.

  BUMPTIOUS TAKES UP AUTOMOBILING, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    19Aug1910; J145151–54.

  A BUNCH OF FOUR THOUSAND ELK. © W. J. Stroud; 1c 9Apr1912; J167991.

  A BUNCH OF ONE THOUSAND ELK. © W. J. Stroud; 1c 9Apr1912; J167990.

  THE BUNCO STEERERS, AND, HOW THEY WERE CAUGHT. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 21May1907; H94273.

  BUNCOED STAGE JOHNNIE. © Geo. Méliès; 10Sept1908; H115491.

  BUNGALOW BURGLARS. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 16Dec1911;
    J163499.

      On same reel with Billy Seance.

  THE BURD [i.e. BUND], SHANGHAI. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Aug1903; H34806.

  THE BURGLAR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Aug1903; H35073.

  THE BURGLAR. © Thomas A. Edison.

      © 20May1898; 31443.

      © 18July1898; 40021.

  THE BURGLAR; or, A MIDNIGHT SURPRISE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    13Sept1907; H99455.

  THE BURGLAR AND THE BABY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 22Nov1907;
    H102762.

  THE BURGLAR AND THE BUNDLE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Mar1903; H29158.

  BURGLAR BILL. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 9Nov1905; H68378.

  A BURGLAR CUPID, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 21Jan1909; H121827–31.

  THE BURGLAR IN THE BED CHAMBER. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Dec1898; 73461.

  THE BURGLAR ON THE ROOF. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Dec1898; 72468.

  THE BURGLAR-PROOF BED. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Apr1902;
    H16340.

  THE BURGLAR’S BALL. © S. Lubin; 3Oct1908; H116477.

  THE BURGLAR’S CHILD. © S. Lubin; 17Mar1908; H107631.

  A BURGLAR’S DAUGHTER. SEE After Midnight.

  A BURGLAR’S MISTAKE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 25Mar1909;
    H124687.

  THE BURGLAR’S SLIDE FOR LIFE. © Thomas A. Edison; 28Apr1905; H60117.

  BURIAL OF THE “MAINE” VICTIMS [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 21Apr1898; 25325.

  BURIED ALIVE; or, FROLICS ON THE BEACH AT CONEY ISLAND. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 6Aug1908; H114322.

  A BURIED PAST, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 14Apr1911;
    J154574–77.

  BURLESQUE SUICIDE. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Apr1902; H16121.

  BURLESQUE TRAMP BURGLARS. © Paley & Steiner; 20Jan1905; H56275.

  BURNED AT THE STAKE. SEE Avenging a Crime.

  THE BURNING OF DURLAND’S RIDING ACADEMY. © Thomas A. Edison;
    24Feb1902; H14437.

  BURNING OF ST. PIERRE [Martinique]. © Thomas A. Edison; 31May1902;
    H18371.

  BURNING OF THE STANDARD OIL CO’S TANKS, BAYONNE, N. J. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 12July1900; D14428–29.

  THE BURNING STABLE. © Thomas A. Edison; 31Oct1896; 60143.

  BURNS-PALMER FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of Burns-Palmer Fight, London
    [England], February 10th, 1908.

  BUSSES LEAVING R. R. DEPOT, ATLANTIC CITY. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    19Dec1896; 69093.

  BUSTER AND HIS DOG: BE A GOOD BOY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 16Dec1904; H54348.

  BUSTER AND HIS DOG: BUSTER QUIET. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Dec1904; H54350.

  BUSTER AND HIS DOG: GOOD DOG. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Dec1904; H54346.

  BUSTER AND HIS DOG: THE INSTRUCTIONS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 16Dec1904; H54345.

  BUSTER BROWN SERIES. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Mar1904; H43074.

  BUSTER’S JOKE ON PAPA. © Thomas A. Edison.

      © 28Oct1903; H37396.

      © 21Dec1903; H39775.

  A BUSY DAY FOR THE CORSET MODELS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Feb1904; H42037.

  THE BUTLER AND THE MAID, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    27Apr1912; J168796–99.

  BUTTON, BUTTON, WHERE IS THE BUTTON? © S. Lubin; 14Nov1908; H118284.

  BUTT’S MANUAL, ST. JOHN’S SCHOOL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    29Mar1904; H44026.

  BUY MATCHES, PLEASE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 20Mar1909; H124440.

  BUYING A TITLE, scenes 1–12. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 22Sept1908;
    H116022–33.

  BUYING MANHATTAN, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 11July1909;
    J129729–30.

  BUYING STAMPS FROM RURAL WAGON. U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 22Aug1903; H34985.

  BY A WOMAN’S WIT. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 3Sept1908; H115274.

  BY REGISTERED MAIL. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 21Sept1911;
    J160196.

  BY RIGHT OF SWORD. SEE Duel Scene.

  BY THE HOUSE THAT JACK BUILT. © Independent Moving Picture Co.;
    11Sept1911; J159887.


                                   C

  CALF BRANDING. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13531.

  CALIFORNIA LIMITED, A.T. & S.F.R.R. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898;
    13553.

  CALIFORNIA OIL WELLS IN OPERATION. © Thomas A. Edison; 19Dec1901;
    H11750.

  CALIFORNIA ORANGE GROVES, PANORAMIC VIEW. © Thomas A. Edison;
    24Feb1898; 13552.

  CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS MARCHING TO EMBARK [Spanish-American War]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38249.

  CALISTHENIC DRILL, MISSOURI COMMISSION. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 3June1904; H46818.

  THE CALL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22Jan1910; J137557.

  THE CALL OF A WOMAN, part 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 16Jan1912;
    J164799–801.

  CALL OF THE DRUM. © Imp Films Co.; 7Mar1912; J167082.

  THE CALL OF THE HEART. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 6Sept1909; J132448.

  THE CALL OF THE SONG. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 3Aug1911;
    J158243.

  THE CALL OF THE WILD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Oct1908;
    H117205.

  THE CALL TO ARMS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 28July1910; J143780.

  CALUMET “K,” scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 30Sept1912;
    J176569–72.

  THE CAMEL AT LUNA PARK [Coney Island]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 4June1903; H32385.

  THE CAMERA FIEND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.

      1. © 21Sept1903; H35875.

      2. © 6Oct1903; H36561.

  CANADIAN FALLS, FROM AMERICAN SIDE [Niagara Falls]. © American
    Mutoscope Co.; 19Dec1896; 69094.

  CANADIAN FALLS—PANORAMIC [VIEW] FROM MICHIGAN CENTRAL R. R. [Niagara
    Falls]. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3552.

  CANADIAN FALLS—TABLE ROCK [Niagara Falls]. © American Mutoscope Co.

      © 19Dec1896; 69096.

      © 7Jan1897; 3549.

  A CANADIAN WINTER CARNIVAL, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 15Mar1909;
    H124046–51.

  CANCELLING MACHINE, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Aug1903; H34974.

  CANOEING AT RIVERSIDE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26Feb1903;
    H28677.

  CANOEING ON THE CHARLES RIVER, BOSTON, MASS. © Thomas A. Edison;
    21July1904; H48348.

  CANOEING SCENE. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Aug1901; H7712.

  CAÑON OF THE RIO GRANDE. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13570.

  CANTON RIVER SCENE [China]. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38253.

  CANTON STEAMBOAT LANDING CHINESE PASSENGERS. © Thomas A. Edison;
    22June1898; 38251.

  THE CAP OF FORTUNE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28Dec1909;
    J136747–50.

  A CAPITAL JOKE, BUT WHY DIDN’T HE LAUGH? © S. Lubin; 20Nov1907;
    H102691.

  CAPSIZE OF LIFEBOAT. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60571.

  CAPSIZED BOAT. © Thomas A. Edison; 28May1904; H46580.

  CAPT. BOYNTON FEEDING HIS PETS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Apr1902; H16927.

  CAPTAIN MOLLY. © S. Lubin; 15June1908; H111856.

  CAPTAIN NELL, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 23May1911;
    J155832–35.

  CAPTAIN NISSEN GOING THROUGH WHIRLPOOL RAPIDS, NIAGARA FALLS. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 22Oct1901; H9961.

  THE CAPTAIN’S BRIDE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 9Dec1910;
    J148708–11.

  CAPTURE OF BOER BATTERY. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Apr1900; D7876.

  CAPTURE OF BOER BATTERY BY BRITISH. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Apr1900;
    D7811.

  THE CAPTURE OF FORT TICONDEROGA, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.;
    21July1911; J158349–52.

  CAPTURE OF THE BIDDLE BROTHERS. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1902; H14434.

  THE CAPTURE OF THE BURGLAR, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 29Mar1910;
    J140166–67.

  CAPTURE OF TRENCHES AT CANDABA [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 10June1899; 38515.

  CAPTURE OF YEGG BANK BURGLARS. © Thomas A. Edison; 28Sept1904.

      Capture and death. H50924.

      Cellar scene. H50925.

      Tracked. H50926.

      Dive scene. H50927.

  CAPTURED BY TELEPHONE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 27July1908;
    H113911.

  CAPUCHIN MONKS, ROME. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Sept1903;
    H35634.

  A CARD OF INTRODUCTION, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    12Apr1911; J154256–59.

  CARDINAL GIBBONS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Jan1903;
    H27387.

  CARDINAL GIBBONS, no. 84. © American Mutoscope Co.; 29Nov1898; 69607.

  THE CARDINAL’S CONSPIRACY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 12July1909; J129525.

  THE CARDINAL’S EDICT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison. Inc.; 6June1911;
    J156538–41.

  A CAREER OF CRIME, no. 1–5. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Nov1902; H23795–99.

  CARMEN. © Feature Films Sales Co., Ltd.; 28May1912; J169531.

  “CARMEN” (BIZET). SEE Torero Song “Carmen” (Bizet).

  CARMINELLA, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 13May1910; J141605–08.

  CARNEGIE MUSEUM EXPEDITION, 1911. (Kleinschmidt & Lane, Alaska,
    Siberia Motion Pictures) © Kleinschmidt & Lane; 1c each 2July1912.

      Diving Polar Bear. J170750.

      Scenes on the Inside Passage. J170751.

      Mountain Sheep and Moose Hunt. J171873.

      Eskimo Life. J171874.

      On the Trail of the Polar Bear. J171875.

      Walrus Hunt. J171876.

  THE CARNIVAL OF VENICE. © S. Lubin; 5Feb1909; H122570.

  CARRIE DE MAR, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 3Aug1910; J145131–34.

  CARRIE NATION SMASHING A SALOON. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Nov1902; H23802.

  CARRIERS AT WORK, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Aug1903; H34978.

  CARRIERS LEAVING BUILDING, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 22Aug1903; H34973, 34989.

  CARRYING OUT THE SNAKES [Walpapi Indians; Snake Dance]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 12Dec1901; H11270.

  CASCADE NEAR WAWONA, CAL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Mar1903; H29156.

  A CASE OF DYNAMITE. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 27July1912; J171837.

  A CASE OF HIGH TREASON, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    19May1911; J155840–43.

  A CASE OF IDENTITY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 19Apr1910;
    J140680–83.

  A CASE OF MISTAKEN IDENTITY. SEE The Professor’s Trip to the Country.

  A CASE OF SPIRITS; or, ALL’S WELL THAT ENDS WELL. © The Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 18Mar1908; H107530.

  CASEY AND HIS NEIGHBOR’S GOAT. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Oct1903; H36501.

  CASEY AT THE BAT. © Thomas A. Edison; 22Apr1899; 27968.

  CASEY’S CHRISTENING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 20Nov1905;
    H68878.

  CASEY’S FRIGHTFUL DREAM. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Feb1904; H42203.

  CASEY’S JUMPING TOOTHACHE. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 23July1909; J129734.

  CASHMERE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 5Oct1912; J176581–84.

  CAST UP BY THE SEA. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 4Sept1907; H99036.

  THE CASTAWAYS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 28Dec1908; H120413.

  CASTING A GUIDE BOX, WESTINGHOUSE WORKS. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 23July1904; H48415.

  A CATASTROPHE IN HESTER ST. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Jan1904; H40814.

  CATCH-AS-CATCH-CAN WRESTLING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    21July1903; H33648.

  A CATCH OF HARD SHELL CRABS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    6Oct1903.

      Part 1. H36564.

      Part 2. H36565.

  CATCHING AN EARLY TRAIN. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Nov1901; H10604.

  CATHOLIC CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION. © Geo. Méliès; 9May1908; H110315.

  CAT’S CRADLE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Oct1903; H36556.

  CATTLE DRIVEN TO SLAUGHTER [Chicago Stockyards]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    31July1897; 43405.

  CATTLE FORDING STREAM. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13549.

  CATTLE LEAVING THE CORRAL. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13542.

  CAUGHT; a detective story. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 23Dec1907;
    H104011.

  CAUGHT AT LAST. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 22May1909; H127353.

  CAUGHT BY THE COUPON CRAZE, 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 16July1909;
    J129731–33.

  CAUGHT BY WIRELESS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Mar1908;
    H107672.

  CAUGHT IN A FLASH. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 11July1912; J170755.

  CAUGHT IN THE ACT: IS ANYONE LOOKING? © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 16Dec1904; H54359.

  CAUGHT IN THE UNDERTOW. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Nov1902; H23783.

  CAUGHT WITH THE GOODS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 26Dec1911; J163911.

  CAUGHT WITH THE GOODS. © S. Lubin; 26June1907; H95574.

  THE CAUSE OF ALL THE TROUBLE. © S. Lubin; 25Mar1908; H107908.

  THE CAVALIER’S DREAM. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Dec1898; 73464.

  A CAVALRY CHARGE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23774.

  CAVALRY PASSING IN REVIEW [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. © Thos. A.
    Edison; 21Apr1897; 24887.

  A CAVE MAN’S WOOING. © Imp Films Co.; 20May1912; J169924.

  THE CELL NO. 13, parts 1–2. © New York Motion Picture Co.; 1c
    4Mar1912; J166886–87.

  A CENTRAL AMERICAN ROMANCE, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 17June1910;
    J142416–21.

  CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL, GYMNASTIC DRILL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 2May1904; H45154.

  CENTRAL PARK AFTER DARK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Sept1903; H35648.

  A CHAMPION BEER DRINKER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Apr1903; H30737.

  CHAMPION PONY “MIDGET.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    17June1903; H32786.

  CHAMPION ROLLA O. HEIKES, BREAKING THE RECORD AT FLYING TARGETS WITH
    WINCHESTER SHOTGUN, no. 129. © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897;
    9266.

  CHAMPS DE MARS. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Aug1900; D16382.

  CHAMPS ELYSEES. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Aug1900 D16384.

  A CHANGE OF HEART. © Biograph Co.; 1c 14Oct1909; J133141.

  A CHANGE OF STRIPES. © Imp Films Co.; 6Apr1912; J168430.

  CHANGING HORSES AT GLEN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5May1903; H31689.

  CHANGING HORSES AT LINDEN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5May1903; H31688.

  CHAPPIE AND BEN BOLT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Apr1902;
    H16732.

  CHARGE BY 1ST BENGAL LANCERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    30Jan1903; H27774.

  CHARGE OF BOER CAVALRY. © Thomas A. Edison.

      © 14Apr1900; D7812.

      © 16Apr1900; D7877.

  CHARGE OF THE LIGHT BRIGADE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11June1903; H32499.

  CHARGE OF WEST POINT CADETS. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Nov1896 64786.

  CHARITY BALL. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Sept1897; 53737.

  CHARITY BEGINS AT HOME; a story of the South during the Civil War. ©
    The Vitagraph Co. of America; 11Nov1908; H118281.

  CHAS. WERTS, ACROBAT. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Apr1897; 26108.

  THE CHARIOT RACE. © Kalem Co.; 22Nov1907; H102798.

  CHARLESTON CHAIN-GANG [South Carolina]. © Thomas A. Edison; 18Apr1902;
    H16714.

  CHARLESTOWN HURRICANE AND FLOOD. © Independent Moving Picture Co.;
    18Sept1911; J160857.

      On same reel with The Bicycle Bug’s Dream.

  CHARLEY’S MA-IN-LAW. © S. Lubin; 3Oct1908; H116475.

  CHARLIE AND MARY IN THE COUNTRY. SEE Bathing.

  CHARLIE’S REFORM, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 5Apr1912;
    J168024–27.

  CHASMS; or, WOMAN ALWAYS PAYS. © Independent Moving Picture Co.;
    1Nov1911; J162090.

  LE CHAULDRON [i.e. CHAUDRON] INFERNAL. © George Méliès; 12Oct1903;
    H37508.

  CHAUNCEY EXPLAINS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Sept1905;
    H65320.

  THE CHEF’S DOWNFALL. © Imp Films Co.; 6Apr1912; J168385.

  CHEST AND NECK DEVELOPMENT. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75807.

  CHICAGO AND BUFFALO EXPRESS. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Dec1896; 67878.

  CHICKEN THIEVES. © Thomas A. Edison; 6June1897; 34231, 34232.

  CHICKS TO ORDER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2July1903;
    H33207.

  THE CHIEF’S DAUGHTER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 11Apr1911; J154077.

  THE CHIEFTAIN’S REVENGE; a tragedy in the Highlands of Scotland. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 9July1908; H113231.

  THE CH-IEN-MEN GATE, PEKIN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Apr1902; H16647.

  THE CHILD AND THE TRAMP, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    28Apr1911; J155331–34.

  A CHILD OF THE FOREST, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24Aug1909;
    J131135–37.

  THE CHILD OF THE GHETTO. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8June1910; J142132.

  THE CHILD STEALERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904;
    H46917.

  CHILDREN BATHING. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Dec1901; H11494.

  CHILDREN FEEDING DUCKLINGS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    31Dec1902; H25962.

  CHILDREN IN THE SURF, CONEY ISLAND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 12Aug1904; H49062.

  CHILDREN OF THE PLAINS; an episode of pioneer days. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 17Mar1909; H124224.

  CHILDREN OF THE SEA. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 3May1909; H126440.

  CHILDREN PLAYING WITH FISHES. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897;
    3561.

  CHILDREN ROLLING DOWN HILL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    4Oct1904; H51258.

  CHILDREN WHO LABOR, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 23Feb1912;
    J166654–57.

  THE CHILDREN’S FRIEND. © Biograph Co.; 1c 14Sept1909; J131611.

  CHILDREN’S HOUR ON THE FARM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    7Apr1905; H58985.

  CHILDREN’S TOILET. © Thomas A. Edison; 5June1897; 34228.

  A CHILD’S FAITH. © Biograph Co.; 1c 16July1910; J143291.

  A CHILD’S IMPULSE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 30June1910; J142715.

  A CHILD’S INFLUENCE. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 27June1912; J170426.

  A CHILD’S PRAYER; or, THE GOOD SAMARITANS. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 3Mar1908; H106916.

  THE CHILD’S PRAYER, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 29May1909;
    H127788–90.

  A CHILD’S REMORSE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 17Aug1912; J172322.

  A CHILD’S STRATAGEM. © Biograph Co.; 1c 9Dec1910; J148630.

  CHIMMIE HICKS AT THE RACES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18Apr1902; H16734.

  CHIMNEY SWEEP. © Geo. Méliès; 17Feb1906; H73542.

  THE CHIMNEY SWEEP AND THE MILLER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Apr1902; H16334.

  CHINESE CRUISER “HAI CHI.” © Independent Moving Picture Co.;
    18Dec1911; J163638.

      On same reel with The Girl and The Half Back.

  THE CHINESE LAUNDRY: AT WORK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Dec1904; H54341.

  CHINESE PROCESSION, no. 12. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13534.

  THE CHINESE REVOLUTION. © Oriental Film Co.; 1c 12Apr1912; J168209.

  THE CHINESE RUBBERNECKS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Aug1903; H34813.

  CHINESE SHAVING SCENE. © Thomas A. Edison; 11Jan1902; H13037.

  CHING LING FOO OUTDONE. © Thomas A. Edison; 28Feb1900; D4735.

  C. Q. D.; or, SAVED BY WIRELESS. A true story of “The wreck of the
    Republic.” © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 13Feb1909; H122901.

  A CABLE ROAD IN SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. © Thomas A. Edison; 11Jan1902;
    H13038.

  CAKE WALK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11May1903; H31674.

  A CAKE WALK ON THE BEACH AT CONEY ISLAND. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 13Aug1904; H49072.

  A CALAMITOUS ELOPEMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    28July1908; H113967.

  THE CHLOROFORM FIENDS. © George Méliès; 11May1905; H60800.

  CHOOSING A HUSBAND. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Jan1909; J136613.

  CHOPIN’S FUNERAL MARCH. © Geo. Méliès; 23Aug1907; H98714.

  THE CHORUS GIRL. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 30June1908; H112554.

  THE CHORUS GIRL AND THE SALVATION ARMY LASSIE. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 12Sept1903; H35630.

  CHRISTENING AND LAUNCHING KAISER WILHELM’S YACHT “METEOR.” © Thomas A.
    Edison; 28Feb1902; H14548.

  CHRISTIAN AND MOOR, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.; 1Aug1911;
    J158535–38.

  CHRISTMAS ANGEL. © Geo. Méliès; 29Dec1904.

      1st part. The [wretched] garret. H55060.

      2d part. The porch of the church. H55061.

      3d part. The cook-shop. H55062.

      4th part. Upon the bridges. H55063.

  THE CHRISTMAS BURGLARS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    17Dec1908; H120042.

  A CHRISTMAS CAROL, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 23Dec1910;
    J149819–22.

  CHRISTMAS IN PARADISE ALLEY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 2Dec1908;
    H119040.

  CHRISTMAS MORNING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15Dec1902;
    H25018.

  THE CHRISTMAS PARTY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15Dec1902;
    H25019.

  CHRISTY MATHEWSON, N. Y. NATIONAL LEAGUE BASEBALL TEAM. © The Winthrop
    Moving Picture Co.; 24May1907; H94486.

  CHUMS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Jan1903; H26844.

  THE CHUNCHO INDIANS OF THE AMAZON RIVER, PERU, scenes 1–4. © Edison
    Mfg. Co.; 14Oct1910; J146842–45.

  CHURCH AND COUNTRY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 12Apr1912;
    J168272–75.

  CHURCH, “OUR LADY OF GRACE,” HOBOKEN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 8July1903; H33289.

  THE CIGARETTE MAKER OF SEVILLE, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    3May1910; J141208–12.

  CIGARETTE MAKING: FROM PLANTATION TO CONSUMER. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 29Apr1909; H126311.

  CINDERELLA UP-TO-DATE. © Geo. Méliès; 27Oct1909; J133255.

  CIRCLE DANCE. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13566.

  CIRCULAR PANORAMA OF ELECTRIC TOWER [Pan American Exposition,
    Buffalo]. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Aug1901; H7633.

  CIRCULAR PANORAMA OF HOUSING THE ICE [Groton Ice Fields]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 24Feb1902; H14440.

  CIRCULAR PANORAMA OF SUSPENSION BRIDGE AND AMERICAN FALLS [Niagara
    Falls]. © Thomas A. Edison; 13Aug1901; H7627.

  CIRCULAR PANORAMA OF THE HORSE SHOE FALLS IN WINTER [Niagara Falls]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 15Jan1904; H40909.

  CIRCULAR PANORAMIC VIEW OF JONES & LAUGHLIN’S STEEL WORKS YARD. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 7Apr1902; H16118.

  CIRCULAR PANORAMIC VIEW OF WHIRLPOOL RAPIDS [Niagara Falls]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 13Aug1901; H7626.

  CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE; or, AN INNOCENT VICTIM. © The Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 8June1908; H111509.

  THE CIRCUS BOY. © S. Lubin; 6May1908; H110240.

  CITY HALL TO HARLEM IN 15 SECONDS, VIA THE SUBWAY ROUTE. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 22Oct1904; H51950.

  THE CITY OF DENVER, THE QUEEN OF THE PLAINS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A.
    Edison, Inc.; 10Feb1912; J166393–96.

  THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    10Aug1912; J172449–52.

  CLARENCE THE COP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23Dec1903;
    H39905.

  CLARENCE, THE COP, ON THE FEED STORE BEAT. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 5Feb1904; H41858.

  CLARK’S THREAD MILL. © Thomas A. Edison; 31Oct1896; 60144.

  CLASSICAL DANCES BY COUNTESS DE SWIRSKY. © Imp Films Co.; 23Mar1912;
    J167456.

      On same reel with Tankville Constable 1.

  CLASSICAL DANCES BY COUNTESS DE SWIRSKY. © Imp Films Co.; 23Mar1912;
    J167457.

      On same reel with Tankville Constable 2.

  CLASSMATES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Jan1908; H105590.

  CLEOPATRA’S LOVER; or, A NIGHT OF ENCHANTMENT. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 22Jan1909; H121846.

  THE CLEPTOMANIAC [i.e. KLEPTOMANIAC]. © S. Lubin; 23Oct1907; H101546.

  CLERKS CASING MAIL FOR BAGS, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 22Aug1903; H34972.

  CLERKS TYING BAGS, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Aug1903; H34975.

  CLERKS TYING UP FOR BAGS, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 22Aug1903; H34977.

  CLEVELAND FIRE DEPARTMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    17June1903; H32791.

  CLEVER HORSEMANSHIP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4Apr1903;
    H30178.

  A CLEVER TRICK. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 29Jan1909; H122210.

  A CLEVER UNDERTAKING. SEE The Mourners.

  CLIMBING THE AMERICAN ALPS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    6Dec1905; H69545.

  THE CLOCK MAKER’S DREAM. © George Méliès; 23Feb1904; H42528.

  THE CLOISTER’S TOUCH. © Biograph Co.; 1c 2Feb1910; J137957.

  A CLOSE CALL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22May1912; J169460.

  THE CLOSE OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 2July1912; J170934–36.

  A CLOSE SHAVE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902; H24892.

  CLOSE VIEW OF THE “BROOKLYN,” NAVAL PARADE [Spanish-American War; New
    York City Welcome to Admiral Sampson’s Fleet after Battle of
    Santiago Bay]. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52054.

  CLOSED SUNDAY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 16June1909; H128434–37.

  THE CLOWN. © S. Lubin; 15June1908; H111857.

  THE CLOWN AND THE ALCHEMIST. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Nov1900; D21657.

  CLOWN JUGGLER. © Winthrop Press; 6Sept1906; H82617.

  CLOWNLAND. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 22June1912; J170428.

  THE CLOWN’S ADVENTURES. © S. Lubin; 31Mar1906; H75203.

  THE CLOWN’S CHRISTMAS EVE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 28Aug1908;
    H115153.

  A CLOWN’S LOVE STORY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 9Dec1907;
    H103456.

  CLOWN’S TRIUMPHS. © Imp Films Co.; 23May1912; J169923.

  CLUB SWINGING, CARLISLE INDIAN SCHOOL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 14June1902; H19019.

  THE CLUBMAN AND TRAMP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21Nov1908;
    H118716.

  COACH AT RURAL POST OFFICE, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 22Aug1903; H34991.

  COACHES ARRIVING AT MAMMOTH HOT SPRINGS [Yellowstone Park]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 4Jan1899; 2468.

  COACHES GOING TO CINNABAR FROM YELLOWSTONE PARK. © Thomas A. Edison;
    4Jan1899; 2466.

  COACHING FOR A RECORD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10May1902;
    H17626.

  COACHING PARTY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8July1903;
    H33288.

  COACHING PARTY, YOSEMITE VALLEY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Apr1903; H30734.

  COAL HEAVERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Oct1904; H52230.

  THE COAL STRIKE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Dec1905;
    H69963.

  COALING A STEAMER, NAGASKI [i.e. NAGASAKI] BAY, JAPAN. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Apr1902; H16648.

  COASTING. © Thomas A. Edison; 17Feb1898; 12175.

  COASTING SCENE AT MONTMORENCY FALLS, CANADA. © Thomas A. Edison;
    17Feb1902; H14292.

  THE COBBLER AND THE CALIPH. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    13July1909; J129601.

  COCK FIGHT. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Dec1896; 70082.

  COCOA INDUSTRY, TRINIDAD, BRITISH WEST INDIES, scenes 1–5. © Edison
    Mfg. Co.; 17Dec1908; H120046–50.

  CODFISH INDUSTRY, NEWFOUNDLAND, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    5Jan1912; J165015–18.

  THE CO-ED PROFESSOR. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 25Sept1911;
    J160310.

      On same reel with Through the Dells of Wisconsin.

  THE COFFIN SHIP. SEE The Wreck of the Aurora.

  COFFYN HYDROAEROPLANE ALIGHTING IN EAST RIVER, N. Y. © Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 20Mar1912; J167411.

  COHEN AT CONEY ISLAND. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 17Mar1909;
    H124227.

  COHEN’S ADVERTISING SCHEME. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Feb1904; H42210.

  COHEN’S DREAM OF CONEY ISLAND. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    13Mar1909; H123952.

  COHEN’S FIRE SALE, scenes 1–12. © Thomas A. Edison; 14June1907;
    H95238–49.

  COIL WINDING MACHINES, WESTINGHOUSE WORKS. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 6May1904; H45401.

  COIL WINDING SECTION E, WESTINGHOUSE WORKS. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 6May1904; H45402.

  A COLD SUPPER WITH A HOT FINISH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    20June1903; H33024.

  COLLECTING MAIL, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Aug1903; H34968.

  COLLEGE CHUMS, scenes 1–8. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 25Nov1907; H102945–52.

  A COLLEGE GIRL’S AFFAIR OF HONOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19June1906; H79737.

  THE COLLINWOOD [OHIO] SCHOOL FIRE. © William Bullock; 23Mar1908;
    H107814.

  THE COLLINWOOD [OHIO] SCHOOL FIRE FUNERAL. © William Bullock;
    23Mar1908; H107815.

  COLONEL FUNSTAN [i.e. FUNSTON] SWIMMING THE BAGLAG RIVER. © Thos. A.
    Edison; 23Sept1899; 61838.

  THE COLONEL’S FRIEND. © Frank Graham; 12July1905; H63157.

  A COLONIAL ROMANCE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 11Jan1909;
    H121461.

  COLONIAL VIRGINIA, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 19Nov1908;
    H118492–96.

  THE COLORED STENOGRAPHER, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 9Mar1909;
    H123788–92.

  COLORED TROOPS DISEMBARKING [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 20May1898; 31436.

  “COLUMBIA” AND “DEFENDER” ROUNDING STAKE-BOAT. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 8May1902; H17487.

  “COLUMBIA” AND “SHAMROCK II” [America’s Cup Races]. © Thomas A.
    Edison.

      Jockeying and starting. © 7Oct1901; H9408.

      Finishing second race. © 7Oct1901; H9409.

      Start of second race. © 7Oct1901; H9410.

      Turning the outer stake boat. © 9Oct1901; H9496.

      Starting in the third race. © 9Oct1901; H9497.

  “COLUMBIA” CLOSE TO THE WIND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    14Jan1903; H26955.

  “COLUMBIA” vs. “DEFENDER.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Apr1903; H30746.

  “COLUMBIA” WINNING THE CUP [America’s Cup Races: Columbia and Shamrock
    I]. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Oct1899; 69350.

  “COLUMBIA” WINNING THE CUP [America’s Cup Races: Columbia and Shamrock
    II]. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Oct1901; H9495.

  COMATA, THE SIOUX. © Biograph Co.; 1c 13Sept1909; J131568.

  COMEDY AND TRAGEDY, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 2Nov1909;
    J134484–88.

  COMEDY CAKE WALK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11May1903;
    H31675.

  A COMEDY IN BLACK AND WHITE, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 4Sept1908;
    H115348–49.

  A COMEDY OF ERRORS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 1Feb1908; H105775.

  A COMEDY OF UNDERSTANDING, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    21June1911; J156880–83.

  COMEDY SET-TO. © Thomas A. Edison; 20May1898; 31430.

  COMING OF COLUMBUS. © Selig Polyscope Co.

      Scenes 1–10. © 1c 8Apr1912; J167883–92.

      Scenes 11–26. © 1c 13Apr1912; J168122–37.

  COMMITTEE ON ART. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Feb1904;
    H42804.

  THE COMMUTER’S WIFE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 7Feb1912;
    J166381–84.

  COMPANY DRILL, ST. JOHN’S MILITARY ACADEMY. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 17Mar1904; H43410.

  COMRADES. © Biograph Co.; 1c 14Mar1911; J153151.

  CONCEALING A BURGLAR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Oct1908;
    H117340.

  THE CONDEMNATION OF FAUST. © S. Lubin; 15Jan1904; H40888.

  CONDENSED MILK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 20June1903;
    H32872.

  CONEY ISLAND AT NIGHT. © Thomas A. Edison; 29June1905; H62761.

  THE CONEY ISLAND BEACH PATROL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13Aug1904; H49071.

  THE CONEY ISLAND BIKERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Feb1903; H28550.

  CONEY ISLAND POLICE COURT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    25Aug1908; H115087.

  CONFIDENCE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Apr1909; H125501.

  CONGRESS OF NATIONS. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Nov1900; D21659.

  THE CONJUROR’S OUTING. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 3May1909; H126441.

  THE CONQUERING HERO. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 20Mar1909; H124441.

  CONSCIENCE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10Mar1911; J153060.

  A CONSPIRACY AGAINST THE KING, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    20Oct1911; J161706–09.

  CONTRARY WIND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Feb1903; H28559.

  A CONVENIENT BURGLAR. © Biograph Co.; 1c 25Sept1911; J160416.

  CONVERTED BY A BILLIKEN. SEE Grin and Win.

  THE CONVERTS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 16Mar1910; J139195.

  CONVICT LIFE IN THE OHIO PENITENTIARY. © America’s Feature Film Co.;
    1c 18May1912; J169358.

  CONVICTED BY HYPNOTISM; or, A DOUBLE LIFE, 2 pts. © Société Francaise
    des Films & Cinematographes Eclair; 1c 5Aug1912; J171903.

  THE CONVICT’S BRIDE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Aug1906;
    H81754.

  THE CONVICT’S ESCAPE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Sept1904;
    H50327.

  CONVICTS NO. 10 AND NO. 13, parts 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 1Mar1912;
    J166791–93.

  THE CONVICT’S PAROLE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 17May1912;
    J169450–53.

  A CONVICT’S PUNISHMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Feb1903;
    H27980.

  THE COOK IN THE PARLOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23June1903; H32908.

  THE COOK IN TROUBLE. © Geo. Méliès; 9May1904; H45466.

  THE COOK’S REVENGE. © S. Lubin; 7Mar1901; H1774.

  COON TOWN PARADE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Feb1909; H122572.

  THE COP AND THE NURSE GIRL. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Dec1898; 72467.

  THE COP FOOLS THE SERGEANT. © Thomas A. Edison; 29Apr1904; H45037.

  THE COQUETTE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 21Jan1910; J137658–61.

  CORBETT AND COURTNEY BEFORE THE KINETOGRAPH. © Wm. K. L. Dickson;
    17Nov1894; 53707.

  CORBETT AND JEFFRIES FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of the Corbett and
    Jeffries Fight.

  CORBETT AND MCCOY FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of the Corbett and McCoy
    Fight.

  CORBETT-MCGOVERN FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of Corbett-McGovern Fight.

  CORCORAN CADETS, WASHINGTON [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 8May1897; 28515.

  THE CORD OF LIFE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Jan1909;
    H121877.

  CORK LEG LEGACY. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 3May1909; H126442.

  CORNELL-COLUMBIA-UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA BOAT RACE AT ITHACA, N.
    Y., SHOWING LEHIGH VALLEY OBSERVATION TRAIN. © Thomas A. Edison;
    6June1901; H4935.

  A CORNER IN THE PLAY ROOM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    8July1903; H33291.

  A CORNER IN WHEAT. © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Dec1909; J135969.

  CORNER MADISON AND STATE STREETS, CHICAGO. © Thomas A. Edison;
    31July1897; 43410.

  CORPUS CHRISTI PROCESSION, ORVIETO. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 12Sept1903; H35635.

  “CORSAIR” IN WAKE OF TUGBOAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    14Jan1903; H26952.

  THE CORSET MODEL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 20June1903;
    H32866.

  THE CORSICAN BROTHERS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 9Feb1912;
    J166377–80.

  COSSACK CAVALRY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Aug1903;
    H34102.

  COSY CORNER DANCE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 25June1903;
    H32943.

  COTTON INDUSTRY. © Imp Films Co.; 15Jan1912; J164477.

      On same reel with How She Married.

  THE COTTON INDUSTRY OF THE SOUTH. © S. Lubin; 3Oct1908; H116478.

  COTTON SPINNING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Mar1903;
    H29001.

  COUNCIL BLUFFS BRIDGE STATION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Mar1903; H29152.

  THE COUNT OF NO ACCOUNT. © S. Lubin; 28Jan1908; H105595.

  THE COUNTERFEITERS. © S. Lubin; 24Jan1905; H56167.

  A COUNTRY COURTSHIP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 25Oct1905;
    H67887.

  A COUNTRY CUPID. © Biograph Co.; 1c 29July1911; J158240.

  THE COUNTRY DOCTOR. © Biograph Co.; 1c 9July1909; J129513.

  A COUNTRY GIRL IN PHILADELPHIA. © S. Lubin; 16Mar1908; H107537.

  A COUNTRY GIRL’S SEMINARY LIFE AND EXPERIENCES, scenes 1–6. © Edison
    Mfg. Co.; 25Mar1908; H107917–22.

  THE COUNTRY SCHOOLMASTER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    6Oct1906; H83541.

  THE COUNT’S WOOING. © Geo. Méliès; 17Nov1909; J134442.

  A COUPLE OF LIGHTWEIGHTS AT CONEY ISLAND. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 28July1904; H48620.

  THE COURSE OF TRUE LOVE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    26Sept1905; H66191.

  THE COURSE OF TRUE LOVE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8Feb1910; J138088.

  A COWARD, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 10Aug1909; J130719–22.

  THE COWBOY AND THE LADY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    1Oct1903; H36402.

  THE COWBOY AND THE SCHOOLMARM, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    1Apr1908; H108151–56.

  A COWBOY ELOPEMENT. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 17Jan1908;
    H105166.

  COWBOY JUSTICE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Jan1904;
    H40754.

  COWBOYS AND INDIANS FORDING RIVER IN A WAGON. © Thomas A. Edison;
    18May1904; H46141.

  A COWBOY’S ROMANCE. © Centaur Film Co.; 26June1909; H128972.

  A COWBOY’S STRATAGEM, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 2Mar1912;
    J167023–26.

  A COWBOY’S SWEETHEART. © Centaur Film Co., Inc.; 23Apr1909; H126067.

  THE COWPUNCHER’S GLOVE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 2Dec1910;
    J148712–15.

  A CRAZY COMPOSER. © George Méliès; 3June1905; H61532.

  A CRAZY QUILT. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 12Nov1907; H102390.

  THE CREATORS OF FOXY GRANDPA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23May1902; H18032.

  THE CRICKET ON THE HEARTH. © Biograph Co.; 26May1909; H127599.

  THE CRIMINAL HYPNOTIST. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Jan1909; H121531.

  THE CRIMINAL’S DAUGHTER. © S. Lubin; 25Aug1908; H115089.

  CRIPPLE CREEK BAR-ROOM SCENE. © Thomas A. Edison; 10May1899; 31770.

  CRIPPLE CREEK FLOATS. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13539.

  THE CRISIS. © New York Motion Picture Co., Inc.; 15May1912; J169703.

  CRISSIE SHERIDAN. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60590.

  THE CRITIC. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Jan1906; H72184.

  THE CROOKED ROAD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 25May1911; J155829.

  CROSS COUNTRY RUNNING ON SNOW SHOES. © Thomas A. Edison; 17Feb1902;
    H14293.

  THE CROSS ROAD. © S. Lubin; 25Sept1908; H116150.

  CROSSING ICE BRIDGE AT NIAGARA FALLS. © Thomas A. Edison; 15Jan1904;
    H40910.

  CROSSING THE ATLANTIC. © Thomas A. Edison; 17June1903; H32796.

  CROSSROADS OF LIFE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 20June1908;
    H112128.

  CROWD ENTERING, FUTURITY DAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    17Sept1902; H21775.

  CROWDS RETURNING FROM THE GAMES, WAIKIKI, H. I. © Thomas A. Edison;
    13Nov1906; H85056.

  THE CRUCIAL TEST, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 7July1911;
    J157537–40.

  CRUELTY TO HORSES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 1Oct1904;
    H51117.

  THE CRUISE OF THE “GLADYS.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    25Aug1906; H82299.

  CRUISER “CINCINNATI” [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    21Apr1898; 25327.

  CRUISER “DETROIT” [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    21Apr1898; 25326.

  CRUISER “MARBLEHEAD” [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    22Apr1898; 25564.

  THE CRUSADER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 30June1911;
    J157084–87.

  THE CRUSADERS; or, JERUSALEM DELIVERED. © World’s Best Film Co.;
    4July1911; J157263.

  THE CRUSHED HAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 29Mar1904;
    H44030.

  THE CRUSHED TRAGEDIAN. © S. Lubin; 21July1908; H113740.

  A CRY FROM THE WILDERNESS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 22Mar1909;
    H124583–86.

  THE CRYSTAL CASKET. © Geo. Méliès; 21Mar1905; H58074.

  THE CRYSTAL CASKET. SEE Glass Coffin.

  THE CUB REPORTER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 23Aug1912;
    J176455–58.

  CUBAN AMBUSH [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison; 5Aug1898;
    46695.

  CUBAN REFUGEES WAITING FOR RATIONS [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 20May1898; 31439.

  CUBAN VOLUNTEERS EMBARKING [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    22June1898; 38246.

  CUBAN VOLUNTEERS MARCHING FOR RATIONS [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 20May1898; 31434.

  A CUP OF TEA AND SHE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 8Apr1909;
    H125513–16.

  CUPID AND PSYCHE. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60560.

  CUPID’S JOKE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8May1911; J155076.

  CUPID’S PRANKS, scenes 1–7. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 19Feb1908; H106508–14.

  CUPID’S REALM; or, A GAME OF HEARTS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    19Feb1908; H106452.

  CURE FOR BASHFULNESS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 19Dec1908;
    H120077.

  A CURE FOR CRIME, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 27Sept1911;
    J160329–32.

  A CURE FOR DYSPEPSIA, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    21June1911; J156910–13.

  A CURE FOR RHEUMATISM. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 11Mar1909;
    H123858.

  THE CURE THAT FAILED. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 3Aug1912; J171838.

  CURED. © Biograph Co.; 1c 28Mar1911; J153534.

  THE CURFEW BELL, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 3June1909; H127992–95.

  CURING A JEALOUS HUSBAND. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5June1909; H128024.

  CURING THE OFFICE BOY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    17Feb1912; J166531–34.

  CURIOSITY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3June1911; J156203.

  CURIOSITY PUNISHED. © Geo. Méliès; 20Apr1908; H109548.

  A CURIOUS DREAM. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 18Mar1907; H91549.

  CURIOUS MR. CURIO, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 21May1908;
    H110844–48.

  THE CURSE OF GOLD. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 13Mar1909; H123955.

  THE CURSE OF GOLD. © S. Lubin; 6Apr1908; H108430.

  THE CURTAIN POLE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2Jan1909;
    H120977.

  A CUSTOMER DROPS IN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30749.

  CUTTING AND CANALING ICE [Groton Ice Fields]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    24Feb1902; H14436.

  CUTTING SUGAR CANE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23May1902;
    H18040.

  CYNTHIA’S AGREEMENT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 25Sept1912;
    J176558–61.


                                   D

  DAD’S A GENTLEMAN TOO. © Frank Graham; 12July1905; H63156.

  THE DAIRY MAID’S REVENGE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    25Aug1902; H21311.

  THE DAISY COWBOYS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 9Dec1911;
    J164286–89.

  DALY OF WEST POINT WINNING HURDLE RACE. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902; H24881.

  THE DAM BUILDER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 13Sept1912;
    J176503–06.

  LA DAME AUX CAMELIAS. With Mme. Sarah Bernhardt. © French-American
    Film Co.; 1c 24Feb1912; J166636.

  THE DAMNATION OF FAUST. © George Méliès; 11Dec1903; H39290.

  DAN, THE DANDY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20Sept1911; J160241.

  DANCE, FRANCHONETTI SISTERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Apr1903; H30723.

  A DANCE IN PAJAMAS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Dec1903;
    H39142.

  THE DANCE OF THE SEVEN VEILS. SEE Salome.

  A DANCE ON THE PIKE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Mar1904;
    H43560.

  THE DANCER AND THE KING; a romantic story of Spain. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 8Dec1908; H119406.

  DANCING BOXING MATCH, MONTGOMERY AND STONE. © The Winthrop Moving
    Picture Co.; 7May1907; H93358.

  DANCING CHINAMAN, MARIONETTES. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Oct1898; 59208.

  DANCING DARKEY BOY. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60568.

  DANCING DARKIES. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3540.

  THE DANCING FIEND. © S. Lubin; 5Aug1908; H114298.

  THE DANCING GIRL OF BUTTE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8Jan1910; J136851.

  THE DANCING LEGS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 1Apr1908; H108127.

  A DANCING LESSON: A LITTLE PRACTICE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 23Dec1904; H54690.

  THE DANDY FIFTH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Sept1902;
    H21512.

  DANGER OF DINING IN PRIVATE DINING ROOMS. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 5June1903; H32408.

  A DANGEROUS LESSON, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 13Aug1912;
    J172453–56.

  A DANGEROUS PAIR, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7Sept1909;
    J131476–79.

  A DANGEROUS PLAY, parts 1–2. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 19Apr1912;
    J168439–40.

  DANIEL BOONE, scenes 1–13. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Jan1907; H88545–57.

  DANTE’S INFERNO. © Monopol Film Co.

      Pt. 1. © 1c 27June1911; J157014.

      Pt. 2. © 1c 12July1911; J157495.

      Pt. 3. © 1c 12July1911; J157496.

      Pt. 4. © 1c 12July1911; J157497.

  DANTE’S PROGRESS AND EXPERIENCES THROUGH PARADISE. © National Film
    Distributing Co.; 1c 29Apr1912; J168785.

  DANTE’S PROGRESS AND EXPERIENCES THROUGH PURGATORY. © National Film
    Distributing Co.; 1c 29Apr1912; J168784.

  THE DARLING OF THE GALLERY GODS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    15July1905; H63379.

  A DASH THROUGH THE CLOUDS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 28June1912; J170666.

  A DASH TO DEATH, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 27Aug1909; J131252–55.

  A DAUGHTER OF THE MINES, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 25Nov1910;
    J148424–27.

  A DAUGHTER OF THE SUN, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 17Feb1909;
    H123010–15.

  DAVE’S LOVE AFFAIR. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10June1911; J156469.

  DAVEY JONES’ LOCKER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30728.

  THE DAY AFTER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Jan1909; J136612.

  A DAY AT THE CIRCUS. © Thomas A. Edison; 17May1901; H4418.

  A DAY AT WEST POINT MILITARY ACADEMY, NEW YORK, scenes 1–4. © Thomas
    A. Edison, Inc.; 24Oct1911; J161698–701.

  A DAY IN WASHINGTON; the Capital of the United States, showing many
    points of interest. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 26Feb1909;
    H123375.

  THE DAY OF THE DOG. © S. Lubin; 1Feb1909; H122288.

  A DAY ON A BUFFALO RANCH. © Imp Films Co.; 27Jan1912; J165053.

      On same reel with All A Mistake.

  A DAY ON A BUFFALO RANCH. © Imp Films Co.; 27Jan1912; J165409.

  THE DAYS OF ’61. SEE The Blue and the Gray.

  THE DEACON’S LOVE LETTER. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 22Jan1909;
    H121845.

  A DEAD MAN’S CHILD, no. 1–2. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 7Dec1911;
    J163442–43.

  THE DEADWOOD SLEEPER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26May1905;
    H61361.

  DEAF MUTE GIRL RECITING “STAR SPANGLED BANNER.” © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 7June1902; H18743.

  DEAR OLD STARS AND STRIPES, GOODBYE. © S. Lubin; 2Oct1903; H36488.

  A DEARLY PAID FOR KISS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 17Oct1908;
    H117107.

  THE DEATH DISC. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Dec1909; J135518.

  THE DEATH OF NATHAN HALE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    29Sept1911. J160333–36.

  THE DECEIVED SLUMMING PARTY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    28July1908; H113968.

  THE DECEIVER. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 23Dec1907; H104010.

  THE DECEPTION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13Mar1909;
    H123959.

  THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    1Sept1911; J159414–17.

  DECORATED CARRIAGES, no. 11. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13535.

  DECOYED. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Oct1904; H52231.

  A DECREE OF DESTINY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 7Mar1911; J152949.

  DEEP BREATHING AND CHEST EXPANSION. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906;
    H75806.

  DEER STALKING WITH CAMERA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Jan1906; H71527.

  THE DELAYED PROPOSAL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 21June1911; J156842.

  DELIRIUM IN A STUDIO. © Geo. Méliès; 7Dec1907; H103393.

  DELIVERING MAIL FROM SUB-STATION [U.S.P.O.]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 1Oct1903; H36398.

  DELIVERING NEWSPAPERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30745.

  A DELUSION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Sept1902; H22088.

  DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL COMMITTEE AT ESOPUS [N. Y.]. © American Mutoscope
    & Biograph Co.; 4Aug1904; H48851.

  DENVER FIRE BRIGADE. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13532.

  THE DEPARTMENT STORE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 15Mar1911;
    J153383–86.

  DEPARTURE OF PEARY [AND] ROOSEVELT FROM NEW YORK. © American Mutoscope
    & Biograph Co.; 28July1905; H63906.

  DESDEMONA, part 1–2. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 16Apr1912; J168207–08.

  THE DESERTED SHAFT. © Imp Films Co.; 15Jan1912; J164478.

  THE DESERTER, parts 1–2. © New York Motion Picture Co.; 15Mar1912;
    J167154.

  THE DESPATCH BEARER. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 6Aug1907; H97722.

  A DESPERATE CRIME. © George Méliès; 27Apr1906; H76259.

  THE DETERMINED LOVER; or, WHERE THERE’S A WILL, THERE’S A WAY. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 12June1908; H111706.

  “DEUTSCHLAND” LEAVING NEW YORK AT FULL SPEED [With Prince Henry of
    Prussia]. © Thomas A. Edison; 15Mar1902; H15199.

  DEVELOPING MUSCLES OF BACK AND CHEST. © Winthrop Press; 18 Apr 1906;
    H75812.

  DEVELOPING MUSCLES OF CHEST AND ABDOMEN. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906;
    H75808.

  THE DEVIL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 25Sept1908; H116154.

  THE DEVIL, scenes 1–12. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 10Sept1908; H115507–18.

  THE DEVIL AND THE GAMBLER. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 23Sept1908;
    H116064.

  DEVIL’S SLIDE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23May1902; H18046.

  THE DEWEY ARCH [Spanish-American War; Dewey Homecoming, New York
    City]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18June1903; H32835.

  DEWEY ARCH—TROOPS PASSING UNDER ARCH [Spanish-American War; Dewey
    Homecoming, New York City]. © Thomas A. Edison; 5Oct1899; 64682.

  DEWEY PARADE, 10TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS [Spanish-American War;
    Dewey Homecoming, New York City]. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Oct1899;
    65373.

  DEYO. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Apr1907; H92889.

  DIAL’S GIRLS’ BAND, LUNA PARK. © Eugene Dial; 25Oct1905; H67888.

  THE DIAMOND MAKER; or, FORTUNE AND MISFORTUNE. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 12June1909; H128245.

  THE DIAMOND SMUGGLERS. SEE Secret Service.

  THE DIAMOND STAR. © Biograph Co.; 1c 21Feb1911; J152473.

  DICK CROKER LEAVING TAMMANY HALL. © Thomas A Edison; 9Feb1900; D3543.

  DICK’S SISTER. © S. Lubin; 18June1908; H112074.

  DID MOTHER GET HER WISH? © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Jan1912; J164603.

  DID NOT FINISH THE STORY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18July1903; H33546.

  DIME NOVEL DAN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 29Apr1909; H126310.

  A DIME NOVEL DETECTIVE. © S. Lubin; 5Feb1909; H122569.

  DINAH’S DEFEAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Feb1904;
    H42000.

  A DIP IN THE MEDITERRANEAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Apr1902, H16642.

  THE DISAPPOINTED OLD MAID. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13June1903; H32632.

  DISCHARGING A WHITEHEAD TORPEDO. © Thomas A. Edison; 12May1900;
    D10160.

  A DISCORDANT NOTE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6July1903;
    H33397.

  THE DISCOVERERS; a grand historical pageant picturing the discovery
    and founding of New France, Canada. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    15Aug1908; H114573.

  DISCOVERY OF BODIES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21Sept1903;
    H35879.

  THE DISINTEGRATED CONVICT. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 4Sept1907;
    H99034.

  THE DISREPUTABLE MR. RAEGEN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    24Mar1911; J153739–42.

  THE DIVIDING LINE. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 24June1912; J170425.

  THE DIVING GIRL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 23Aug1911; J159204.

  THE DIVING HORSE. © Thomas A. Edison; 23Sept1899; 61839.

  DIVING THROUGH HOOPS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Apr1902;
    H16383.

  THE DIVORCE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13June1903.

      Detected. H33410.

      On the trail. H33411.

      The evidence secured. H33412.

  10 FEMMES DANS UN PARAPLUIE. © George Méliès; 26Oct1903; H37511.

  DIXON-CHESTER LEON CONTEST. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    6Mar1906; H74312.

  DO IT NOW. © S. Lubin; 16Mar1908; H107538.

  DO YOU SPEAK FRENCH. SEE Parlez Vous Francais?

  THE DOCTOR, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7Feb1911; J152135–37.

  DR. BROMPTON-WATTS’ ADJUSTER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    6Apr1912; J168020–23.

  DR. BUNION AND THE MISCHIEVOUS BOYS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 18Apr1902; H16736.

  DR. CUREM’S PATIENTS. © S. Lubin; 28Apr1908; H109925.

  DR. DIPPY’S SANITARIUM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    27Oct1906; H84235.

  DOCTOR PHANTOM, THE SCIENTIFIC SLEUTH, no. 1–6. © Walter Lannoy Brind;
    1c 5Aug1912; J171902.

  THE DOCTORED DINNER PAIL, scene 1. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 5May1909;
    H126608.

  THE DOCTOR’S BRIDE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 30Aug1909; J132442.

  THE DOCTOR’S FAVORITE PATIENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12June1903; H32560.

  DOG FACTORY. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Apr1904; H44668.

  A DOG FIGHT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Feb1903; H28562.

  A DOG LOST, STRAYED OR STOLEN, $25.00 REWARD. APPLY TO MRS. BROWN, 711
    PARK AVE. © S. Lubin; 23May1905; H61274.

  DOGS PLAYING IN THE SURF. © Thomas A. Edison; 17Feb1898; 12172.

  A DOMESTIC REUNION. SEE Two Affinities.

  A DONKEY PARTY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17June1903;
    H32788.

  THE DONKEY PARTY. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Mar1901; H2342.

  DOOLEY’S SCHEME. © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Nov1911; J162974.

  THE DOOMED SHIP, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.; 28July1911;
    J158321–24.

  DORA: A RUSTIC IDYLL. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 1Apr1908;
    H108128.

  DOROTHY’S FAMILY. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 10Aug1911;
    J158554.

  A DOUBLE-BARRELED SUICIDE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 31July1907;
    H97473.

  A DOUBLE LIFE. © New York Motion Picture Co.; 20July1912; J171458.

  A DOUBLE LIFE. SEE Convicted by Hypnotism.

  DOUBLE RING ACT, LUNA PARK [Coney Island]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 6Oct1903; H36555.

  THE DOVE AND THE SERPENT. © Imp Films Co.; 4Apr1912; J167839.

  DOWN ON THE FARM, scenes 1–6. © Thomas A. Edison; 26Oct1905;
    H67910–67915.

  DOWN THE HOTEL CORRIDOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    28July1903; H33887.

  DOWN THE HUDSON. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Oct1903;
    H36559.

  DOWN WESTERN SLOPE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Jan1903;
    H26946.

  DOWN WHERE THE WURZBURGER FLOWS. © Thomas A. Edison; 26Aug1903;
    H35062.

  THE DOWNWARD PATH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902.

      The new soubrette. H23806.

      The fresh book agent. H23807.

      The girl who went astray. H23808.

      The suicide. H23809.

      She ran away. H23810.

  THE DRAMATIST’S DREAM. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 6July1909;
    J129521.

  THE DRAPED MODEL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Sept1902;
    H22089.

  DRAWING A LOBSTER POT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 31Dec1902;
    H25970.

  THE DRAWING LESSON; or, THE LIVING STATUE. © George Méliès; 6July1903;
    H33237.

  DRAWING THE COLOR LINE, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 13Jan1909;
    H121564–66.

  DREAM DANCES, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 20Apr1912;
    J168489–92.

  DREAM OF A RAREBIT FIEND, scenes 1–9. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1906;
    H73985–93.

  THE DREAM OF AN OPIUM FIEND. © Geo. Méliès; 14Mar1908; H107381.

  A DREAM OF ROSES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904;
    H46939.

  DREAM OF THE RACE TRACK FIEND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    6Oct1905; H67066.

  A DREAM OF WEALTH; a tale of the gold seekers of ’49. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 9Dec1908; H119443.

  DREAMS OF A POLICEMAN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 20July1908;
    H113633.

  DRESS PARADE OF SCOUTS. ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION [Louisiana Purchase
    Exposition]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17June1904;
    H47293.

  DRESS PARADE, ST. JOHN’S ACADEMY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23Mar1904; H43621.

  DRESS SUITS IN PAWN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 20Mar1912;
    J167598–601.

  THE DRESSMAKER’S ACCIDENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    7Dec1903; H39141.

  THE DRESSMAKER’S LOYAL SON. SEE The Little Father.

  DRILL, AMBULANCE CORPS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    17June1903; H32790.

  DRILL BY NAVAL MILITIA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    26Apr1902; H17044.

  DRILL BY PROVIDENCE POLICE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5Dec1903; H38866.

  DRILL, YE TARRIERS, DRILL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5Apr1902; H16091.

  DRILLING AN AWKWARD SQUAD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Jan1905; H55398.

  DRILLS AND EXERCISES, SCHOOLSHIP “ST. MARY’S.” © Thomas A. Edison;
    17June1905; H62108.

  A DRINK! A great temperance story. © Geo. Méliès; 6Aug1907; H97724.

  THE DRINK CURE. © S. Lubin; 28Apr1908; H109926.

  DRIVE FOR A LIFE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Apr1909;
    H125726.

  DRIVEN FROM HOME. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 17June1909; H128495.

  DRIVEN FROM HOME. © S. Lubin; 29July1908; H113994.

  DRIVING CATTLE TO PASTURE. © Thomas A. Edison; 18May1904; H46137.

  A DROP OF INK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Jan1904; H40815.

  DROWSY DICK, OFFICER NO. 73, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 29Apr1910;
    J141049–50.

  DRUM CORPS AND MILITIA [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 15Mar1897; 17406.

  THE DRUMMER’S DAY OFF. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 7Apr1908;
    H108472.

  DRUNKARD’S CHILD. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 9Aug1909; J132443.

  THE DRUNKARD’S REFORMATION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    31Mar1909; H125114.

  THE DRUNKEN ACROBAT—O’BRIEN AND HAVEL. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    7Jan1897; 3559.

  THE DUDE AND THE BATHING GIRLS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13July1903; H33417.

  THE DUDE AND THE BURGLARS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13Aug1903; H34510.

  A DUEL IN MID-AIR, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 5Nov1909;
    J134480–83.

  DUEL SCENE, “BY RIGHT OF SWORD.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Jan1904; H40943.

  DUEL SCENE FROM “MACBETH.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24July1905; H63805.

  DUET FROM “MARTHA” (FLOTOW). © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Feb1909; H122573.

  DUKE AND DUCHESS OF CORNWALL AND YORK LANDING AT QUEENSTOWN, ONTARIO.
    © Thomas A. Edison; 22Oct1901; H9962.

  DUKE OF YORK AT MONTREAL AND QUEBEC. © Thomas A. Edison; 4Oct1901;
    H9310.

  THE DUKE’S JESTER; or, A FOOL’S REVENGE. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 12June1909; H128250.

  THE DUKE’S PLAN. © Biograph Co.; 1c 12Feb1910; J138229.

  A DULL RAZOR. © Thomas A. Edison; 28Feb1900; D4732.

  A DUMB HERO, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24July1908; H113885–89.

  THE DUMB MESSENGER. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 4Dec1911;
    J163273.

  THE DUMB WITNESS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 28Aug1908; H115156.

  THE DUMB WOOING, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 17Apr1912;
    J168501–04.

  DUMPING IRON ORE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Dec1903;
    H38859.

  A DUTCH GOLD MINE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3June1911; J156204.

  THE DUTCH KIDDIES: MONTGOMERY AND STONE. © The Winthrop Moving Picture
    Co.; 24May1907; H94485.

  DUTY. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 7Sept1911; J159748.

  DUTY VERSUS REVENGE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 19Sept1908;
    H115857.

  THE DYNAMITE WAISTCOAT. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10Apr1909;
    H125539.

  THE DYNAMITER. © The World Film Mfg. Co.; 10Mar1908; H107213.

  DYNAMITING RUINS AND PULLING DOWN WALLS IN SAN FRANCISCO [San
    Francisco Earthquake]. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 14May1906;
    H77297.


                                   E

  EAGLE DANCE, PUEBLO INDIANS. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13541.

  THE EARLY MORNING ATTACK [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    22Sept1899; 61216.

  EAST LYNNE; or, LED ASTRAY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 1June1908;
    H111203.

  AN EAST RIVER NOVELTY. © Thomas A. Edison; 22Oct1903; H37247.

  EAST SIDE DRIVE, no. 1–2. © Thomas A. Edison; 31Oct1896; 60140–41.

  EAST SIDE URCHINS BATHING IN A FOUNTAIN. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Oct1903;
    H36495.

  THE EASTERNER; a tale of the West. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    31July1907; H97474.

  THE EASY CHAIR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Jan1904; H40723.

  EASY MONEY. © S. Lubin; 3Aug1907; H97638.

  EATING FORCE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22May1903; H32107.

  EATING MACARONI IN THE STREETS OF NAPLES. © Thomas A. Edison;
    8June1903; H32452.

  THE EAVESDROPPER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Apr1909;
    H126278.

  ECCENTRICITIES OF AN ADIRONDACK CANOE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 10Apr1902; H16337.

  THE ECLIPSE. © Geo. Méliès; 23Aug1907; H98713.

  ECLIPSE CAR FENDER TEST, no. 1–2. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Sept1903; H35652.

  EDDIE’S EXPLOIT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 1June1912;
    J170191–94.

  EDGAR ALLEN [i.e. ALLAN] POE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Feb1909; H122509.

  EDISON KINETOSCOPIC RECORD OF A SNEEZE, JANUARY 7, 1894. © W. K. L.
    Dickson; 9Jan1894; 2887.

  EDISON KINETOSCOPIC RECORDS. © W. K. L. Dickson; 9Apr1894; 10776.

  EDNA’S IMPRISONMENT. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.

      Scene 1. © 9May1911; J155327.

      Scene 2. © 19May1911; J155328.

      Scene 3. © 9May1911; J155329.

      Scene 4. © 9May1911; J155330.

  THE EDUCATED CHIMPANZEE. © Thomas A. Edison; 31July1901; H7331.

  EELING THROUGH ICE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Apr1902;
    H16724.

  EFFECTING A CURE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 2Dec1910; J148460.

  EGGS HATCHING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Apr1902; H16922.

  EGYPTIAN BOYS IN SWIMMING RACE. © Thomas A. Edison; 10June1903;
    H32486.

  EGYPTIAN FAKIR WITH DANCING MONKEY. © Thomas A. Edison; 8June1903;
    H32453.

  EGYPTIAN MARKET SCENE. © Thomas A. Edison; 17June1903; H32804.

  THE EGYPTIAN MYSTERY, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 16July1909;
    J129727–28.

  EIFFEL TOWER FROM TROCADERO PALACE [Paris Exposition]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 9Aug1900; D16387.

  18TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS [Spanish-American War]. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11June1903; H32495.

  THE ELDER MISS SIMPKINS CALLS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9June1904; H46952.

  ELDORA, THE FRUIT GIRL, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 27Dec1910;
    J149815–18.

  ELEANORE CUYLER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 2Jan1912;
    J164572–75.

  ELECTRIC LOCOMOTIVE TESTS, SCHENECTADY. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 23Nov1904; H53668.

  THE ELECTRIC MULE. © Thomas A. Edison; 29Aug1905; H64996.

  ELECTRIC TOWER [Pan American Exposition, Buffalo]. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Mar1903; H29469.

  ELECTROCUTING AN ELEPHANT. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Jan1903; H26890.

  THE ELEPHANT’S BATH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4Apr1903;
    H30179.

  ELEPHANTS SHOOTING THE CHUTES AT LUNA PARK [Coney Island]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 8June1904; H46916.

  ELEPHANTS SHOOTING THE CHUTES, LUNA PARK, CONEY ISLAND, no. 2. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 30July1904; H48780.

  ELEVATED RAILROAD, NEW YORK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Feb1903; H28548.

  THE ELEVENTH HOUR, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 4Mar1910;
    J138956–58.

  THE ELF KING; a Norwegian fairy tale. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    9Nov1908; H118038.

  ELK. © Charles J. Jones; 15Jan1906; H71990.

  ELKS’ PARADE. © S. Lubin; 23July1907; H97039.

  ELLA LOLA, A LA TRILBY [Dance]. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Oct1898; 59209.

  THE ELOPEMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.

      © 11Nov1902; H23794.

      © 28Oct1903; H37381.

      © 29Nov1907; H103097.

  THE ELOPEMENT. © Thos. A. Edison; 21Apr1897; 24884.

  ELOPEMENT ON HORSEBACK. © Thomas A. Edison; 26Nov1898; 69081.

  THE ELOPERS WHO DIDN’T ELOPE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23Mar1904; H43622.

  ELOPING WITH AUNTY. © Biograph Co.; 22May1909; H127383.

  EMERSON SCHOOL, CALISTHENICS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2May1904; H45151.

  EMIGRANTS [i.e. IMMIGRANTS] LANDING AT ELLIS ISLAND. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 24July1903; H33775.

  EMPIRE STATE EXPRESS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 25July1902;
    H20217.

  EMPIRE STATE EXPRESS, N. Y. CENTRAL R. R. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    18Dec1896; 68807.

  EMPIRE STATE EXPRESS, THE SECOND, TAKING WATER ON THE FLY. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 17June1905; H62109.

  THE EMPTY SLEEVE; or, MEMORIES OF BY-GONE DAYS. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 22May1909; H127350.

  THE ENCHANTED DRAWING. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Nov1900; D21656.

  THE ENCHANTED MATTRESS. © S. Lubin; 15Jan1907; H89402.

  THE ENCHANTED SEDAN-CHAIR. © Geo. Méliès; 14July1905; H63325.

  THE ENCHANTED WELL. © George Méliès; 25June1903; H32937.

  L’ENCHANTEUR ALCROFRISBAS. © George Méliès; 19Nov1903; H38292.

  END OF CAMERA FIEND. © Paley & Steiner; 2Dec1904; H53978.

  THE ENGAGEMENT RING. © Biograph Co.; 1c 11Mar1912; J167110.

  ENGINE AND PUMP. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3537.

  THE ENGINEER. © S. Lubin; 16Sept1908; H115777.

  THE ENGINEER’S ROMANCE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7Jan1910;
    J137017–20.

  ENGLISH LANCERS CHARGING [Boer War]. © Thomas A. Edison; 28Apr1900;
    D9116.

  ENGLISH STAG HUNT. © Imp Films Co.; 18May1912; J169377.

  THE ENGLISHMAN AND THE GIRL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 21Feb1910; J138587.

  AN ENGLISHMAN’S TRIP TO PARIS FROM LONDON. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 28Oct1904; H52229.

  ENOCH ARDEN, part 2. © Biograph Co.; 1c 17June1911; J156633.

  ENOCH ARDEN, parts 1–3. © Biograph Co.; 1c 13June1911; J156550.

  EPILEPTIC SEIZURE. © Walter G. Chase.

      1–6. © 10Nov1905; H68449–54.

      7. © 16Nov1905; H68797.

  EPILEPTIC SEIZURE, no. 8. © Walter G. Chase; 13Jan1906; H71845.

  EPILEPTIC SEIZURE, no. 9. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    14Apr1906; H75692.

  EQUAL TO THE EMERGENCY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 5July1910;
    J143141–44.

  AN EQUINE HERO, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 11Feb1910; J138277–80.

  ERADICATING AUNTY. © Biograph Co.; 28May1909; H127700.

  ERUPTION OF MT. VESUVIUS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2May1906; H76577.

  THE ESCALTA, MANILA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Aug1903;
    H34817.

  THE ESCAPE FROM BONDAGE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    26July1912; J171941–44.

  ESCAPE FROM SING SING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Feb1903;
    H27977.

  THE ESCAPE FROM SING SING. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 30Sept1905;
    H66725.

  AN ESCAPE FROM THE FLAMES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    6Apr1904; H44208.

  THE ESCAPED LUNATIC. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Jan1904;
    H40805.

  THE ESCAPED LUNATIC, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 13Sept1911;
    J159988–91.

  THE ESCAPED MELODY. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Mar1909; H123654.

  ESKIMOS IN LABRADOR, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 13Dec1911;
    J164278–81.

  ESPLANADE DES INVALIDES [Paris Exposition]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    9Aug1900; D16379.

  ESQUIMAUX GAME OF SNAP-THE-WHIP [Pan American Exposition, Buffalo]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 9Aug1901; H7499.

  ESQUIMAUX LEAP-FROG [Pan American Exposition, Buffalo]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 9Aug1901; H7500.

  ESQUIMAUX VILLAGE [Pan American Exposition, Buffalo]. © S. Lubin;
    10July1901; H5886.

  THE ESQUIMAUX VILLAGE [Pan American Exposition, Buffalo]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 31July1901; H7327.

  THE ETERNAL MOTHER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 13Jan1912; J164577.

  ETHEL’S LUNCHEON, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 3Sept1909;
    J131484–86.

  EUGENE WRAYBURN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 3Oct1911;
    J160724–27.

  EUROPEAN REST CURE. © Thomas A. Edison; 1Sept1904; H49807.

  AN EVENTFUL EVENING, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24Jan1911;
    J151479–82.

  EVERY DAY IS SUNSHINE WHEN THE HEART BEATS TRUE. © S. Lubin; 2Oct1903;
    H36486.

  EVERY ROSE HAS ITS STEM, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    11May1912; J169294–97.

  EVERYBODY WORKS BUT FATHER, scenes 1–5. © Thomas A. Edison; 22Nov1905;
    H68947–51.

  EVERYBODY WORKS BUT FATHER (BLACKFACE). © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 1Nov1905; H68149.

  EVERYBODY WORKS BUT FATHER (WHITEFACE). © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 13Oct1905; H68124.

  EVERYBODY WORKS BUT MOTHER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    30Dec1905; H71424.

  EVERYBODY WORKS BUT MOTHER. © Winthrop Press; 22May1906; H78024.

  EVERYTHING COMES TO HIM WHO WAITS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 21Feb1912; J166650–53.

  THE EVICTION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23June1904; H47465.

  THE EVIDENCE WAS AGAINST HIM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Apr1902; H16343.

  THE EVIL ART; or, GAMBLING EXPOSED, parts 1–3. © Eureka Feature Film
    Co.; 1c 7Aug1912; J172399.

  THE EVIL THAT MEN DO. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 28Aug1909;
    J131117.

  THE EVOLUTION OF MAN—AN EDUCATED CHIMPANZEE. © S. Lubin; 10July1901;
    H5887.

  EVOLUTION OF THE JAPANESE; from a curio-box to a world power in 50
    years. © S. Lubin; 7Apr1905; H58984.

  THE EX-CONVICT. © Thomas A. Edison; 19Nov1904.

      Leaving home. H53489.

      The burglary. H53490.

      Discharged. H53491.

      Looking for employment. H53492.

      Discouraged. H53493.

      Desperation. H53494.

      A friend at last. H53495.

      The rescue. H53496.

  EX-CONVICT NO. 900, scenes 1–7. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 16Oct1908;
    H117094–100.

  EXAMINATION DAY AT SCHOOL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 30Sept1910; J145990.

  EXCAVATING FOR A NEW YORK FOUNDATION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 25Nov1903; H38561.

  EXCAVATING SCENE AT THE PYRAMIDS OF SAKKARAH. © Thomas A. Edison;
    17June1903; H32799.

  EXCAVATION FOR SUBWAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Mar1903;
    H29161.

  EXCHANGE OF MAIL AT RURAL P. O., U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 22Aug1903; H34982.

  EXCURSION BOATS, NAVAL PARADE [Spanish-American War; New York City
    Welcome to Admiral Sampson’s Fleet after Battle of Santiago Bay]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52052.

  AN EXECUTION BY HANGING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Dec1905; H69962.

  EXECUTION OF A SPY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902;
    H24896.

  EXECUTION OF CZOLGOSZ, WITH PANORAMA OF AUBURN PRISON [Leon Czolgosz,
    President McKinley’s Assassin]. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Nov1901;
    H10605.

  EXECUTIVE CLEMENCY. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 23Nov1911;
    J162975.

  “EXEMPT” OF BROOKLYN, N. Y. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Apr1903; H30747.

  EXHIBITION DRILL, NEW YORK FIREMEN, UNION SQUARE. © American Mutoscope
    & Biograph Co.; 17June1904; H47294.

  EXHIBITION OF PRIZE WINNERS. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60595.

  EXPELLED FROM THE CLUB: THE LADIES OF THE CLUB. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 16Dec1904; H54332.

  EXPERT BAG PUNCHING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28July1903;
    H33886.

  EXPERT GLASS BLOWING, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 8Oct1909;
    J133000–02.

  THE EXPIATION. © Biograph Co.; 1c 23Oct1909; J133582.

  EXPLODING A WHITEHEAD TORPEDO. © Thomas A. Edison; 12May1900; D10161.

  THE EXTENSION WARDROBE. © S. Lubin; 1July1901; H5693.

  THE EXTRA TURN. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Oct1903; H36496.

  EXTRAORDINARY ILLUSIONS. © George Méliès; 6Nov1903; H37666.

  EYES THAT SAW. © Gaumont Co.; 29July1912; J171761.


                                   F

  THE FACE AT THE WINDOW. © Biograph Co.; 1c 18June1910; J142395.

  THE FACE AT THE WINDOW. © S. Lubin; 25Sept1908; H116151.

  THE FACE ON THE BARROOM FLOOR, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    18July1908; H113619–22.

  FACIAL EXPRESSION. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Jan1902; H13362.

  FADED FLOWERS. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 8Apr1909; H125493.

  FADED LILIES. © Biograph Co.; 12June1909; H128253.

  THE FAILURE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8Dec1911; J163469.

  FAINT HEART NEVER WON FAIR LADY. SEE A Noble Jester.

  A FAIR EXCHANGE. © Biograph Co.; 22Sept1909; J132094.

  A FAIR EXCHANGE IS NO ROBBERY. © Thomas A. Edison; 28June1899; 42265.

  THE FAIRIE’S BANQUET, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 25Oct1911;
    J161694–97.

  THE FAIRYLAND. © George Méliès; 3Sept1903.

      The Prince. H35344.

      The Lords. H35345.

      The Boudoir of Princess Azurine. H35346.

      The Armory of the Castle. H35347.

      The Vision. H35348.

      The Royal Galley. H35349.

      The Bottom of the Sea. H35350.

      The Submarine Cave. H35351.

      The Entrance of the Cavern. H35352.

      The Neptune’s Empire. H35353.

      The Devil’s Castle. H35354.

      The Palace of the King. H35355.

  THE FAIRYLAND; or, THE KINGDOM OF THE FAIRIES. © George Méliès;
    4Sept1903; H35378.

  THE FAIRYLAND; or, THE KINGDOM OF THE FAIRIES. (LE ROYAUME DES FÉES.)
    © George Méliès; 3Sept1903; H35851.

  FAITHFUL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 28Mar1910; J139617.

  A FAITHFUL FOOL. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10Apr1909; H125543.

  THE FAITHFUL HUSBAND: A LOVING COUPLE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 16Dec1904; H54331.

  A FAITHFUL WIFE. © S. Lubin; 16Mar1908; H107539.

  FAKE BEGGAR. © Thomas A. Edison; 5Aug1898; 46697.

  THE FAKE BLIND MAN. © S. Lubin; 27May1905; H61367.

  A FAKE DIAMOND SWINDLER. © Geo. Méliès; 20Apr1908; H109547.

  THE FAKE WINDSTORM. © S. Lubin; 28Apr1908; H109923.

  FALL OF BLACK HAWK. © American Film Mfg. Co.; 20June1912; J170709.

  THE FALLEN IDOL, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28Dec1909; J136744–46.

  THE FALLING ARROW. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 8Apr1909; H125494.

  THE FALLING OUT. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 13Nov1911; J162532.

  FALLS OF MINNEHAHA. © Thomas A. Edison; 31July1897; 43416.

  A FALSE ACCUSATION; a story of paternal devotion. © The Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 29Apr1909; H126307.

  A FALSE ALARM IN THE DRESSING ROOM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 12Sept1903; H35627.

  FALSE TO BOTH. © Imp Films Co.; 11Apr1912; J168198.

  FALSELY ACCUSED. © S. Lubin; 16Sept1908; H115778.

  A FAMILY OF VEGETARIANS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28Dec1910;
    J150731–34.

  A FAMILY OUTING. © S. Lubin; 6Apr1907; H92385.

  FAMILY TROUBLES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30719.

  A FAMOUS DUEL, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.; 19July1911;
    J158337–40.

  A FAMOUS ESCAPE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Apr1908;
    H108356.

  FANCHON THE CRICKET. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 17June1912; J170266.

  FANCY DRIVING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.

      © 15May1902; H17628.

      © 5Sept1902; H21495.

  FANTINE; or, A MOTHER’S LOVE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    25Sept1909; J132298.

  FAR FROM THE BEATEN TRACK. © Imp Films Co.; 4Mar1912; J166914.

  FAR FROM THE MADDING CROWD, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 17Aug1909;
    J130831–33.

  THE FARMER AND THE BAD BOYS. © Thomas A. Edison; 22Aug1901; H8014.

  FARMER KISSING THE LEAN GIRL. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52061.

  FARMER OATCAKE HAS HIS TROUBLES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Apr1902; H16356.

  THE FARMER’S DAUGHTER, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7Oct1910;
    J146428–31.

  THE FARMER’S DAUGHTER; or, THE WAGES OF SIN. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 30Jan1908; H105647.

  A FARMER’S IMITATION OF CHING LING FOO. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902; H24894.

  THE FARMER’S TROUBLES. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Jan1897; 3845.

  THE FASCINATING MRS. FRANCIS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Jan1909; H121876.

  FAST MAIL, NORTHERN PACIFIC R. R. © Thomas A. Edison; 6Dec1897; 68009.

  FASTEST WRECKING CREW IN THE WORLD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 11June1903; H32498.

  THE FAT AND LEAN WRESTLING MATCH. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Dec1901;
    H11474.

  FAT BATHER AND TREACHEROUS SPRINGBOARD. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 18July1903; H33545.

  THE FAT GIRL’S LOVE AFFAIR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Nov1905; H68184.

  THE FATAL BALL. © Geo. Méliès; 8Dec1909; J135202.

  THE FATAL CARD. © S. Lubin; 6Apr1908; H108431.

  THE FATAL CHOCOLATE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20Feb1912; J166565.

  A FATAL FLIRTATION. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 20Mar1909; H124442.

  THE FATAL HOUR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Aug1908;
    H114372.

  A FATAL LIE, parts 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 26Feb1912; J166646–48.

  THE FATAL LIKENESS. © S. Lubin; 6July1908; H112819.

  A FATAL PRACTICAL JOKE. SEE The Price She Paid.

  A FATAL TEMPTATION. © S. Lubin; 16Sept1908; H115781.

  FATALITY, parts 1–2. © Société Francaise des Films & Cinematographes
    “Eclair”, Paris, France; 1c 22July1912; J171408.

  THE FATE OF A GOSSIP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21July1903;
    H33647.

  THE FATE OF THE ARTIST’S MODEL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    26Oct1903.

      No. 1. H37317.

      No. 2. H37316.

      No. 3. H37319.

      No. 4. H37315.

      No. 5. H37318.

  FATE’S INTERCEPTION. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8Apr1912; J167954.

  FATE’S TURNING. © Biograph Co.; 1c 25Jan1911; J151150.

  THE FATHER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 1July1912;
    J170770–73.

  FATHER AND SON. SEE Forgiven.

  FATHER GETS IN THE GAME. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    1Oct1908; H116386.

  FATHER’S BLUFF, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 24Jan1912;
    J165381–84.

  FATHER’S DRESS SUIT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 7June1911;
    J156534–37.

  FATHER’S FIRST HALF-HOLIDAY, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 3Apr1909;
    H125278–80.

  FATHER’S GLUE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 18May1909; H127185.

  FATHER’S QUIET SUNDAY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10July1907;
    H96441.

  FAUST, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24Dec1909; J136439–43.

  FAUST AND MARGUERITE. © Thomas A. Edison; 28Feb1900; D4734.

  FAUST AUX ENFERS. © George Méliès; 11Dec1903; H39289.

  FAUST ET MARGUERITE. © Geo. Méliès; 31Mar1904.

      562–574–1 & 1 bis.; H44097.

      562–574–2 & 2 bis.; H44096.

  FAUST FAMILY OF ACROBATS. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Sept1901; H8690.

  THE FEAST OF BELSHAZZAR. © I. Bernstein; 1c 23Jan1913; J177701.

  FEEDING GEESE AT NEWMAN’S POULTRY FARM. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Jan1902;
    H13360.

  FEEDING PIGEONS IN FRONT OF ST. MARK’S CATHEDRAL, VENICE, ITALY. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 8June1903; H32451.

  FEEDING SEA GULLS. © Thomas A. Edison; 10Mar1898; 16429.

  FEEDING THE BEAR AT THE MENAGERIE. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Apr1902;
    H16655.

  FEEDING THE DOVES. © Thomas A. Edison; 23Oct1896; 58470.

  FEEDING THE RUSSIAN BEAR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2Nov1903; H37497.

  FEMALE CROOK AND HER EASY VICTIM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    1Sept1905; H65078.

  A FEMALE FIRE DEPARTMENT. © S. Lubin; 16Dec1908; H119726.

  THE FEMALE OF THE SPECIES. © Biograph Co.; 1c 13Apr1912; J168165.

  THE FEMALE POLITICIAN, MRS. BELL, IS NOMINATED FOR MAYOR. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 21July1908; H113729.

  FENCING CLASS, MISSOURI VALLEY COLLEGE. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 10May1904; H45595.

  FENTON OF THE 42ND, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 14Dec1909;
    J136005–8.

  FERRYBOAT AND TUG PASSING GOVERNORS ISLAND, NEW YORK HARBOR, no. 128.
    © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9265.

  FERRYBOAT ENTERING SLIP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9Dec1902; H24887.

  THE FEUD AND THE TURKEY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Dec1908; H119109.

  A FEW MINUTES WITH STEEPLEJACK LINDHOLM. © Independent Moving Picture
    Co.; 30Oct1911; J162088.

      On same reel with His Dress Shirt.

  THE FICKLE SPANIARD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3May1912; J168889.

  15TH INFANTRY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21May1902; H17970.

  FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK. © Thomas A. Edison; 5Mar1897; 15443.

  A FIFTY MILE RAMBLE THROUGH THE THOUSAND ISLANDS, ST. LAWRENCE RIVER,
    scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 17Jan1912; J165003–06.

  A FIGHT FOR A BRIDE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Dec1905;
    H69579.

  THE FIGHT FOR FREEDOM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16July1908; H113480.

  A FIGHT FOR LOVE. SEE The Other Fellow.

  FIGHT IN THE DORMITORY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    27Feb1904; H42805.

  FIGHTING BLOOD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 1July1911; J157258.

  THE FIGHTING CIGAR. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 17June1909; H128496.

  THE FIGHTING PARSON. © S. Lubin; 9Nov1908; H118063.

  FIGHTING THE FIRE. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Nov1896; 64785.

  FIGHTING THE FLAMES [An Attraction at Coney Island]. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28July1904; H48619.

  FIGHTING THE FLAMES, DREAMLAND [An Attraction at Coney Island]. ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Aug1904; H49061.

  FIGHTS OF NATIONS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Feb1907;
    H90564.

  A FILIPINO COCK FIGHT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21May1902;
    H17972.

  FILIPINO SCOUTS, MUSICAL DRILL, ST. LOUIS [Louisiana Purchase
    Exposition]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17June1904;
    H47292.

  FILIPINOS RETREAT FROM TRENCHES [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 5June1899; 37444.

  THE FINAL SETTLEMENT. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Mar1910; J138843.

  FINE FEATHERS MAKE FINE BIRDS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    25Aug1905; H64926.

  FINE FEATHERS MAKE FINE BIRDS. SEE Borrowed Clothes.

  THE FINISH OF BRIDGET MCKEEN. © Thomas A. Edison; 1Mar1901; H1493.

  FINISH OF FUTURITY, 1901. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    21May1902; H17971.

  FINISH OF THE FIRST RACE, AUG. 22 [America’s Cup Races: Reliance and
    Shamrock III]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Aug1903;
    H35070.

  FINISH OF YACHT RACE, AUG. 25TH [America’s Cup Races: Reliance and
    Shamrock III]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4Sept1903;
    H35397.

  FINISHING TOUCHES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14June1902;
    H19017.

  FIRE, ADAMS EXPRESS OFFICE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    6Apr1904; H44210.

  FIRE AND FLAMES AT LUNA PARK, CONEY ISLAND [An Attraction at Coney
    Island]. © Thomas A. Edison; 15Aug1904; H49193.

  THE FIRE-BUG. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Aug1905; H64038.

  FIRE DEPARTMENT, FALL RIVER, MASS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 11June1903; H32501.

  FIRE DEPARTMENT, NEW HAVEN, CONN. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897;
    3535.

  FIRE DEPARTMENT, N. Y. CITY, 1ST AND 2ND ALARMS. © American Mutoscope
    Co.; 11Nov1896; 61794.

  THE FIRE DEPARTMENT OF NEW YORK CITY, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    6Jan1911; J150735–37.

  A FIRE IN A BURLESQUE THEATRE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Mar1904; H43565.

  FIRE IN NEW YORK’S BOWERY. © S. Lubin; 4Oct1905; H66871.

  THE FIRE OF LIFE, parts 1–2. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 23Apr1912;
    J168484–85.

  FIRE RUN, COLON FIRE DEPARTMENT UNDER COCOANUT TREE. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 12Apr1907; H92570.

  FIREBOAT “NEW YORKER” ANSWERING AN ALARM. © Thomas A. Edison;
    20May1903; H32036.

  FIREBOAT “NEW YORKER” IN ACTION. © Thomas A. Edison; 20May1903;
    H32035.

  THE FIREFALL. © Geo. Méliès; 29Dec1904; H55064.

  FIRESIDE REMINISCENCES, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 23Jan1908;
    H105415–19.

  FIRING BY SQUAD, GATLING GUN. © Thomas A. Edison; 20Dec1897; 71220.

  FIRING 10 INCH GUN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30721.

  FIRING THE CABIN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21Sept1903;
    H35880.

  FIRING THE COOK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2Nov1903;
    H37500.

  FIRST AVENUE, SEATTLE, WASHINGTON, no. 8. © Thomas A. Edison;
    25Oct1897; 60554.

  THE FIRST BABY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28July1904;
    H48626.

  THE FIRST QUARREL. © S. Lubin; 3Aug1907; H97637.

  THE FIRST SLEIGH-RIDE. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Jan1897; 3846.

  A FISH STORY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 12Nov1907; H102386.

  FISHER FOLKS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 18Feb1911; J152253.

  THE FISHERMAN; or, MEN MUST WORK AND WOMEN MUST WEEP. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 7Sept1909; J131469.

  THE FISHERMAN AND HIS SWEETHEART, parts 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c
    22Mar1912; J167403–05.

  FISHERMAN, EELS OR SNAKES. © Paley & Steiner; 20Jan1905; H56277.

  FISHERMAN’S LUCK. © Thomas A. Edison; 20Sept1897; 52618.

  FISHERMAN’S WHARF. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60562.

  FISHING AT FARALONE ISLAND. © Thomas A. Edison; 6Jan1902; H12584.

  FISHING INDUSTRY AT GLOUCESTER, MASS., scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    31Dec1909; J136740–43.

  FISHING SMACKS. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60563.

  FITZSIMMONS AND RUHLIN FIGHT. SEE Life Motion Photographs of the
    FitzSimmons and Ruhlin Fight.

  FITZSIMMONS AND SHARKEY FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of the FitzSimmons and
    Sharkey Fight.

  FITZSIMMONS-JEFFRIES FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of the
    FitzSimmons-Jeffries Fight in Eleven Rounds Showing the Knock Out.

  FITZSIMMONS-O’BRIEN FIGHT. SEE Impersonation of the
    FitzSimmons-O’Brien Fight.

  A FIVE CENT TROLLEY RIDE. SEE On a Good Old Five Cent Trolley Ride.

  FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS REWARD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 23Aug1911; J159203.

  FIVE MINUTES TO TRAIN TIME. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Apr1902; H16388.

  THE FLAG. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 25June1903; H32942.

  FLAG DANCE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21May1903; H32079.

  FLAG OF DISTRESS. © Imp Films Co.; 20Jan1912; J164579.

      On same reel with I Wish I Had A Girl.

  FLAGS AND FACES OF ALL RACES. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    22Dec1905; H70570.

  FLAGSHIP “NEW YORK” [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    22Apr1898; 25562.

  A FLASH OF LIGHT. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20July1910; J143387.

  THE FLAT DWELLERS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 2Feb1906; H72723.

  THE FLAT DWELLERS; or, THE HOUSE OF TOO MUCH TROUBLE. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 20Apr1907; H92837.

  THE FLEET STEAMING UP NORTH RIVER [Spanish-American War; New York City
    Welcome to Admiral Sampson’s Fleet after Battle of Santiago Bay]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52047.

  A FLIRTATION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Apr1902; H16336.

  A FLIRTATION: TABLE D’HOTE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Dec1904; H54360.

  FLIRTING BY THE SEA SIDE. © George Méliès; 2Oct1906; H83353.

  THE “FLOAT,” WAIKIKI, HONOLULU, HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. © Thomas A. Edison;
    13Nov1906; H85055.

  THE FLOATING OF THE BATTLESHIP “MAINE.” © Raising the Maine Film Co.;
    1c 8Mar1912; J167063.

  A FLOCK OF EXPORT SHEEP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11May1903; H31669.

  FLOCK OF SHEEP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14June1902;
    H19016.

  FLOOD SCENE IN PATERSON, N. J. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Oct1903; H36824.

  FLOSSIE’S NEW PEACH-BASKET HAT. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 18May1909; H127186.

  FLOUR AND FEED. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Feb1904; H41857.

  THE FLOWER GIRL. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 21Apr1908; H109581.

  THE FLOWER GIRL OF PARIS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 9Dec1908;
    H119444.

  FLUFFY RUFFLES. © S. Lubin; 5Aug1908; H114299.

  FLY PAPER, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 18July1908; H113616–113618.

  THE FLYING CIRCUS, parts 1–4. © Nordisk Films Co.; 1c 4May1912;
    J168891–94.

  FLYING TRAIN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903; H30736.

  A FLYING WEDGE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4Apr1903; H30177.

  FOLLOW THE LEADER. © Thomas A. Edison; 23Feb1901; H1403.

  A FOOL AND HIS MONEY. © S. Lubin; 16Mar1908; H107540.

  A FOOL AND HIS MONEY ARE SOON PARTED; or, THE PRODIGAL SON UP-TO-DATE.
    © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 22May1908; H110862.

  A FOOL FOR LUCK, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 26Oct1908; H117482–85.

  FOOLS OF FATE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 7Oct1909; J132811.

  A FOOL’S REVENGE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Mar1909;
    H123743.

  A FOOL’S REVENGE. SEE The Duke’s Jester.

  FOOTBALL GAME: WEST POINT VS. ANNAPOLIS. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 26May1902; H18125.

  A FOOTBALL WARRIOR, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 30Oct1908;
    H117660–65.

  THE FOOTLIGHTS ON THE FARM, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 27Sept1910;
    J146039–42.

  FOR A WIFE’S HONOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Aug1908;
    H114858.

  FOR HER COUNTRY’S SAKE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 29Apr1909;
    H126309.

  FOR HER SAKE; or, TWO SAILORS AND A GIRL. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 9Oct1909; J133022.

  FOR HER SISTER’S SAKE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 12Apr1910;
    J140534–37.

  FOR HER SWEETHEART’S SAKE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10Aug1909;
    J130637.

  FOR HE’S A JOLLY GOOD FELLOW. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    3Mar1908; H106921.

  FOR HIS SISTER’S SIN. © S. Lubin; 18Sept1908; H115822.

  FOR HIS SON. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22Jan1912; J165127.

  FOR LOVE OF GOLD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Aug1908;
    H114479.

  FOR SALE—A BABY. © Geo. Méliès; 3Nov1909; J133581.

  FOR THE CAUSE OF SUFFRAGE. © Geo. Méliès; 13Oct1909; J133027.

  FOR THE CAUSE OF THE SOUTH, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    26Jan1912; J165373–76.

  FOR THE COMMONWEALTH, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 15Mar1912;
    J167302–05.

  FOR THE QUEEN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 13Sept1911;
    J159992–95.

  FOR VALOUR, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 12July1912;
    J171206–09.

  THE FORBIDDEN CITY, PEKIN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Aug1903; H34805.

  FORDING THE RIVER NILE ON DONKEYS. © Thomas A. Edison; 11June1903;
    H32506.

  THE FORECASTLE OF THE “KEARSARGE” IN A HEAVY SEA. © American Mutoscope
    & Biograph Co.; 3Jan1905; H55393.

  FORECASTLE TOM. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Feb1909; H122574.

  A FORESTER MADE KING. © Geo. Méliès; 20Nov1907; H102683.

  THE FORESTER’S REMEDY. © Geo. Méliès; 29July1908; H113976.

  THE FORGED WILL. © S. Lubin; 5Aug1908; H114303.

  FORGIVEN; or, FATHER AND SON. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    10Apr1909; H125544.

  FORGIVEN: A YOUNG LADY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Dec1904; H54333.

  FORGOTTEN UMBRELLA: I MUST HURRY TO THE OFFICE. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 16Dec1904; H54347.

  THE FORGOTTEN WATCH. © S. Lubin; 18Nov1908; H118458.

  FORTUNE AND MISFORTUNE. SEE The Diamond Maker.

  THE FORTUNE FAVORS THE BRAVE. © Geo. Méliès; 1Dec1909; J135016.

  THE FORTUNE TELLER. © S. Lubin; 26June1907; H95576.

  FORTUNE’S FOOL, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24May1910; J141777–79.

  48TH HIGHLANDERS REGIMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13July1903; H33406.

  FORTY WINKS; or, A STRENUOUS DREAM. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    22May1907; H94339.

  THE FOSTER MOTHER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Apr1902;
    H16385.

  FOUGERE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7June1902; H18745.

  FOUL PLAY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 15Dec1906; H86514.

  FOUL PLAY. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 6Oct1911.

      Part 1. Scenes 1–4. J160732–35.

      Part 2. Scenes 1–4. J160736–39.

      Part 3. Scenes 1–4. J160740–43.

  THE FOUNDLING. © S. Lubin; 23Oct1907; H101549.

  THE FOUNDLING—A DRESSING ROOM WAIF. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    26May1909; H127598.

  THE FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 20Aug1907;
    H98480.

  FOUR BEAUTIFUL PAIRS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Feb1904;
    H42043.

  THE FOUR SEASONS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2Feb1904;
    H41758.

  THE 14TH SIKHS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Apr1902;
    H16740.

  14TH U. S. INFANTRY DRILLING AT THE PRESIDIO [Spanish-American War]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38217.

  THE FOURTH GHORKHAS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13Aug1903;
    H34520.

  THE FOX HUNT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Oct1906; H83896.

  THE FOX HUNT, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 16Nov1909; J135208–9.

  FOXY GRANDPA AND POLLY IN A LITTLE HILARITY. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 23May1902; H18034.

  FOXY GRANDPA SHOWS THE BOYS A TRICK OR TWO WITH THE TRAMP. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23May1902; H18033.

  FOXY GRANDPA TELLS THE BOYS A FUNNY STORY. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 23May1902; H18039.

  FOXY GRANDPA THUMB BOOK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Oct1903; H36862.

  FRANCESCA DI RIMINI; or, THE TWO BROTHERS. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 4Sept1907; H99035.

  FRANK J. GOULD’S DOGS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Feb1903;
    H28547.

  FRANKENSTEIN, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 18Mar1910; J139349–52.

  FRANKENSTEIN’S TRESTLE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    21May1902; H17964.

  FRAZER CAÑON. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21May1902; H17966.

  FREE ARM MOVEMENT, ALL SCHOOLS, MISSOURI COMMISSION. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7May1904; H45456.

  FREE-FOR-ALL RACE AT CHARTER OAK PARK. © Thomas A. Edison; 31July1897;
    43418.

  FREE SHOW ON THE BEACH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    1June1906; H78530.

  FREEZING AUNTIE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 5Jan1912;
    J164564–67.

  FREIGHT TRAIN. © Thomas A. Edison; 10Mar1898; 16428.

  FRENCH ACROBATIC DANCE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    30Jan1903; H27771.

  FRENCH COPS LEARNING ENGLISH. © Geo. Méliès; 26Aug1908; H115113.

  THE FRENCH DUEL. © Biograph Co.; 18May1909; H127177.

  THE FRESH AIR FIEND; or, HOW HE WAS CURED. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 26Mar1908; H107926.

  THE FRESH LOVER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8May1902;
    H17490.

  FRIDAY, THE 13TH; or, JUST LIKE THE GAYTONS, scenes 1–5. © Thomas A.
    Edison, Inc.; 12Aug1911; J158936–40.

  A FRIEND IN NEED IS A FRIEND INDEED. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 9Feb1906; H73108.

  A FRIEND IN NEED IS A FRIEND INDEED. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    10May1909; H126780.

  A FRIEND IN THE ENEMY’S CAMP. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    13Mar1909; H123951.

  THE FRIEND OF THE FAMILY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 16July1909; J129548.

  FROLICS ON THE BEACH AT CONEY ISLAND. SEE Buried Alive.

  FROM SHOW GIRL TO BURLESQUE QUEEN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 12Sept1903; H35629.

  FROM THE ARCTICS TO THE TROPICS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    16Sept1910; J145673–76.

  FROM THE BOTTOM OF THE SEA. © Independent Moving Picture Co.;
    20Nov1911; J162656.

  FROM TYRANNY TO LIBERTY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 30Aug1910;
    J145143–46.

  A FRONTIER FLIRTATION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 1Oct1903;
    H36403.

  A FRONTIER HERO, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 22July1910;
    J143683–86.

  FRUIT GROWING, GRAND VALLEY, COLORADO, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    15Mar1910; J139292–96.

  THE FUGITIVE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 14Nov1910; J147671.

  THE FUGITIVE APPARITIONS. © George Méliès; 23Feb1904; H42525.

  FULL RIGGED SHIP AT SEA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    14Jan1903; H26953.

  FUN IN A BAKERY SHOP. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Apr1902; H15916.

  FUN IN A BUTCHER SHOP. © Thomas A. Edison; 6May1901; H4089.

  FUN IN A CHINESE LAUNDRY. © S. Lubin; 11Mar1901; H1860.

  FUN IN A FOTOGRAF GALLERY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 1Feb1907;
    H89980.

  FUN IN CAMP. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Nov1899; 77518.

  FUN IN PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5Sept1902; H21497.

  FUN ON A SAND HILL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4Apr1903;
    H30181.

  FUN ON THE FARM. © S. Lubin; 28Oct1905; H67999.

  FUN ON THE JOY LINE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Sept1905;
    H66271.

  FUN WITH THE BRIDAL PARTY. © Geo. Méliès; 10Sept1908; H115493.

  FUNERAL LEAVING THE PRESIDENT’S HOUSE AND CHURCH AT CANTON, OHIO
    [President William McKinley]. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Sept1901; H9015.

  FUNERAL OF HIRAM CRONK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    25May1905; H61323.

  A FUNERAL THAT FLASHED IN THE PAN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 30Mar1912; J168028–31.

  FUNNY EPISODES IN A STREET CAR. SEE All Aboard!

  THE FURNISHED ROOM HOUSE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Jan1904; H40818.

  FURNISHED ROOMS TO LET, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 13Aug1909;
    J130771–73.

  THE FURS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 13May1912; J169193.

  FUSS AND FEATHERS, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 5May1909;
    H126613–14.

  FUTURITY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17Sept1902; H21776.


                                   G

  A GALLANT KNIGHT. © S. Lubin; 7May1908; H110272.

  GALLEGHER, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28Apr1910; J141051–055.

  THE GALLEY SLAVE; from Victor Hugo’s famous novel, Les Miserables. ©
    The Vitagraph Co. of America; 4Sept1909; J131320.

  GALVANIC FLUID; or, MORE FUN WITH LIQUID ELECTRICITY. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 30Jan1908; H105646.

  THE GAMBLER. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 12May1908; H110465.

  THE GAMBLER’S LIFE AND END. © S. Lubin; 28Dec1904; H54969.

  GAMBLING EXPOSED. SEE The Evil Art.

  GAME OF CHESS. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75815.

  A GAME OF CHESS. © S. Lubin; 1Feb1909; H122287.

  A GAME OF GRAFT. SEE Please Help the Blind.

  A GAME OF HEARTS. SEE Cupid’s Realm.

  GAME OF SHOVEL BOARD ON BOARD S. S. “DORIC.” © Thomas A. Edison;
    22June1898; 38225.

  GANS-NELSON CONTEST, GOLDFIELD, NEVADA, SEPTEMBER 3RD, 1906. © Miles
    Bros.; 4Oct1906; H83436.

  GANS-NELSON FIGHT. SEE Impersonation of Gans-Nelson Fight.

  GAP ENTRANCE TO ROCKY MOUNTAINS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18Apr1902; H16728.

  THE GARDENER’S LADDER, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 11Jan1911;
    J151313–16.

  THE ’GATER AND THE PICKANINNY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18Mar1903; H29473.

  THE GATEWAY TO THE CATSKILLS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Apr1906; H75638.

  GATLING GUN CREW IN ACTION. © Thomas A. Edison; 18Dec1897; 71218.

  A GAY OLD BOY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Jan1903; H27380.

  A GAY OLD BOY. © S. Lubin; 21Aug1907; H98646.

  THE GAY SHOE CLERK. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Aug1903; H34389.

  GEISHA GIRLS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Mar1903; H29164.

  GENERAL CHAFFEE IN PEKIN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Aug1903; H34811.

  GENERAL CRONJE & MYSTIC SHRINERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    15Sept1905; H65559.

  GENERAL LEE’S PROCESSION, HAVANA [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 20Jan1899; 7259.

  A GENERAL MISUNDERSTANDING. SEE A Bachelor’s Baby.

  GENERAL PORTER’S ORATION. © Thomas A. Edison; 8May1897; 28524.

  GEN’L SIR HERBERT KITCHENER, no. 85–88. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    5Dec1898; 70837–70840.

  GENERAL WHEELER AND SECRETARY ALGER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 24Feb1903; H28551.

  GENEROSITY REWARDED. SEE The Kind-Hearted Bootblack.

  THE GENII OF FIRE. © Geo. Méliès; 18Feb1908; H106318.

  THE GENTLEMAN BURGLAR, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 15May1908;
    H110565–70.

  THE GENTLEMEN HIGHWAYMEN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18Jan1905; H56069.

  THE GEORGETOWN LOOP [Railroad from Georgetown to Silver Plume,
    Colorado]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4June1903; H32383.

  A GEORGIA POSSUM HUNT. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28Jan1910; J137952.

  A GEORGIA WEDDING. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 31July1909;
    J130046.

  GERMAN AND AMERICAN TABLEAU [The Visit of Prince Henry of Prussia to
    America]. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Mar1902; H14870.

  GERMAN RAILWAY SERVICE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Apr1903; H30436.

  GERMAN TORPEDO BOAT IN ACTION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    4Apr1903; H30176.

  THE GERRY SOCIETY’S MISTAKE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23Dec1903; H39907.

  A GESTURE FIGHT IN HESTER STREET. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Aug1903; H34815.

  GET ME A STEPLADDER. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 9July1908;
    H113232.

  GET THE HOOK. SEE Amateur Night.

  GETTING EVEN. © Biograph Co.; 1c 14Sept1909; J131612.

  GETTING EVIDENCE, scenes 1–12. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Oct1906;
    H83561–72.

  GETTING OFF TROLLEY AT ATLANTIC CITY. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    18Dec1896; 68822.

  GETTING READY TO ENTERTAIN HARVESTERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 9Jan1903; H26845.

  GETTING STRONG. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2Feb1904; H41750.

  GETTING UP IN THE WORLD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18June1903; H32834.

  THE GHOST. © Biograph Co.; 1c 24July1911; J158071.

  THE GHOST STORY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 7Sept1907; H99154.

  THE GHOST TRAIN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Feb1903;
    H27984.

  THE GHOST’S WARNING, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 17Nov1911;
    J162733–36.

  GIANT COAL DUMPER. © Thomas A. Edison; 31July1897; 43407.

  THE GIBSON GODDESS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 1Nov1909; J134044.

  THE GIDDY DANCING MASTER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11June1903; H32503.

  A GIFT FROM SANTA CLAUS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 17Dec1909;
    J136266–69.

  THE GIFT OF YOUTH; a fairy story. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    14Aug1909; J130683.

  THE GIRL ACROSS THE WAY. © S. Lubin; 9Mar1908; H107126.

  THE GIRL AND HER TRUST. © Biograph Co.; 1c 28Mar1912; J167566.

  THE GIRL AND THE CAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Feb1904;
    H42040.

  THE GIRL AND THE HALF BACK. © Independent Moving Picture Co.;
    18Dec1911; J163638.

      On same reel with Chinese Cruiser Hai Chi.

  THE GIRL AND THE MOTOR BOAT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    3Nov1911; J162453–56.

  THE GIRL AND THE OUTLAW. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    29Aug1908; H115212.

  THE GIRL AT THE KEY, scene 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 22June1912;
    J170538–41.

  THE GIRL AT THE WINDOW. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Aug1903; H34810.

  THE GIRL BEHIND THE COUNTER, no. 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 27Oct1911;
    J162194–96.

  THE GIRL FROM MONTANA. © William N. Selig; 14Mar1907; H91440.

  THE GIRL FROM THE COUNTRY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    1Oct1912; J176577–80.

  GIRLS’ ACROBATIC FEATS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    14Oct1902; H22557.

  THE GIRLS AND DADDY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Feb1909;
    H122510.

  THE GIRLS AND THE BURGLAR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Mar1904; H43564.

  THE GIRLS BEHIND THE SCENES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9June1904; H46933.

  GIRLS DANCING CAN-CAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23791.

  GIRLS JUMPING THE ROPE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Jan1904; H40809.

  GIRLS PLAYING SEE-SAW. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23790.

  GIRLS SWINGING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23804.

  GIRLS TAKING TIME CHECKS, WESTINGHOUSE WORKS. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 6May1904; H45400.

  THE GIRLS, THE BURGLAR, AND THE RAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 3May1905; H60290.

  GIRLS WINDING ARMATURES [Westinghouse Works]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 28Apr1904; H45003.

  GLACIER POINT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Feb1903; H28546.

  GLASS COFFIN; or, THE CRYSTAL CASKET. © Eclair Film Co.; 1c 20Mar1912;
    J167297.

  THE “GLEN ISLAND,” ACCOMPANYING PARADE [Spanish-American War; New York
    City Welcome to Admiral Sampson’s Fleet after Battle of Santiago
    Bay]. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52056.

  GLIMPSES OF YELLOWSTONE PARK. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 9Sept1909; J132440.

  GLOOMY GUS GETS THE BEST OF IT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    17June1903; H32783.

  GOD SAVE THE KING [King Edward VII, England]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 5Feb1901; H1056.

  THE GODDESS OF SAGEBRUSH GULCH. © Biograph Co.; 1c 23Mar1912; J167455.

  THE GOEBEL TRAGEDY. © S. Lubin; 11Jan1908; H105055.

  GOING THROUGH THE TUNNEL. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13533.

  GOING TO MARKET, LUXOR, EGYPT. © Thomas A. Edison; 17June1903; H32807.

  GOING TO THE HUNT, MEADOWBROOK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    25Aug1902; H21310.

  GOING TO THE YOKOHAMA RACES. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38223.

  THE GOLD DUST TWINS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4June1903;
    H32367.

  GOLD IS NOT ALL. © Biograph Co.; 1Apr1910; J139986.

  A GOLD NECKLACE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8Oct1910; J146227.

  THE GOLD SEEKERS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 5May1910; J141120.

  THE GOLDEN CHARIOTS. © Thomas A. Edison; 18Apr1902; H16716.

  A GOLDEN LIE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 8Apr1909; H125495.

  GOLDEN LOUIS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17Feb1909; H123059.

  THE GOLDEN SUPPER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Dec1910; J148744.

  THE GONDOLIER’S DAUGHTER. © S. Lubin; 10Oct1908; H116790.

  GOO GOO EYES. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Jan1903; H26889.

  A GOOD BOY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 4May1908; H110103.

  GOOD GLUE STICKS. © George Méliès; 25Oct1907; H102222.

  A GOOD JOKE. © S. Lubin; 1July1901; H5692.

  A GOOD JOKE WITH MY HEAD. SEE Tit for Tat.

  THE GOOD LUCK OF A SOUSE. © George Méliès; 15Jan1908; H105105.

  GOOD NIGHT. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75817.

  THE GOOD SAMARITANS. SEE A Child’s Prayer.

  A GOOD SHOT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Apr1902; H16380.

  A GOOD SHOT: THE KIDS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Dec1904;
    H54353.

  A GOOD TIME WITH THE ORGAN GRINDER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 26Feb1903; H28674.

  GOODBYE JOHN. 70 mm. © Winthrop Moving Picture Co.; 24May1907; H94484.

  THE GOODFELLOW’S CHRISTMAS EVE, A-H. © Essanay Film Mfg. Co.;
    27Feb1911; J152541–48.

  GOODY, GOODY TWO SHOES. © S. Lubin; 1May1903; H31301.

  GORDON SISTERS BOXING. © Thomas A. Edison; 6May1901; H4083.

  THE GOSSIPERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Jan1906; H71529.

  GOT A MATCH? © Biograph Co.; 1c 20Feb1912; J166564.

  GOVERNMENT HOUSE AT HONG KONG. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38233.

  THE GOVERNOR, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 17Sept1912;
    J176535–37.

  GOVERNOR COOK AND STAFF, CONNECTICUT [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 8May1897; 28516.

  GOVERNOR OF OHIO AND STAFF [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 8May1897; 28519.

  GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT AND STAFF. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    21May1902; H17968.

  GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT AND STAFF [Spanish-American War; Dewey Homecoming,
    New York City]. © Thos. A. Edison; 7Oct1899; 65370.

  GOVERNOR’S FOOT GUARDS, CONN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    21May1902; H17969.

  GRACE CHURCH, NEW YORK. © Thos. A. Edison; 21Apr1897; 24891.

  GRAND HOTEL TO BIG INDIAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Apr1906; H75637.

  THE GRANDFATHER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 21Sept1912;
    J176527–30.

  GRANDFATHER AS A SPOOK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    17Mar1904; H43406.

  GRANDMA AND THE BAD BOYS. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Dec1900; D23260.

  A GRANDMOTHER’S STORY. © Geo. Méliès; 10Sept1908; H115492.

  GRANDPA’S READING GLASS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Oct1902; H22204.

  “GRANDREPUBLIC” PASSING “COLUMBIA.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 11May1903; H31672.

  GRANT VETERANS—G. A. R. [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 8May1897; 28518.

  GRANT’S TOMB. © The Winthrop Moving Picture Co.; 3June1907; H94781.

  GRATITUDE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 9June1908; H111581.

  GREASER’S GAUNTLET. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Aug1908;
    H114338.

  THE GREAT BALL GAME BETWEEN THE EAST AND WEST, scenes 1–3. © Edison
    Mfg. Co.; 18July1910; J145937–39.

  GREAT BALTIMORE FIRE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15Feb1904;
    H42176.

  GREAT BULL FIGHT. © Thomas A. Edison; 2Apr1902; H15912.

  THE GREAT FIRE RUINS, CONEY ISLAND. © Thomas A. Edison; 10Nov1903;
    H37834.

  A GREAT GAME, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 22Oct1909; J133986–88.

  THE GREAT JEWEL MYSTERY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23Oct1905; H67834.

  THE GREAT JEWEL ROBBERY. © S. Lubin; 17Mar1908; H107630.

  THE GREAT MAIL ROBBERY. © S. Lubin; 3July1906; H80177.

  THE GREAT MINE DISASTER. SEE The Land of Darkness.

  THE GREAT SECRET, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 13Sept1910;
    J145677–80.

  THE GREAT TORONTO FIRE, TORONTO, CANADA, APRIL 19, 1904. © George
    Scott & Co.; 27May1904; H46445.

  GREAT TRAIN ROBBERY. © S. Lubin; 27June1904; H47533.

  THE GREAT TRAIN ROBBERY. © Thomas A. Edison; 1Dec1903; H38748.

  A GREAT WRONG RIGHTED. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 17June1909; H128497.

  THE GREATER LOVE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 29Nov1910;
    J148454–57.

  THE GREEN-EYED MONSTER, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    2Oct1912; J176562–64.

  THE GREEN GOODS MAN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 4Dec1905; H69349.

  GRIN AND WIN; or, CONVERTED BY A BILLIKEN. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 21Apr1909; H126015.

  THE GROTTO OF SURPRISES. © Geo. Méliès; 29Dec1904; H55065.

  THE GROUCH, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 24July1912;
    J171945–48.

  GUARD MOUNT, FT. MYER [Va.]. © Thomas A. Edison; 11Feb1897; 10693.

  A GUARDIAN OF THE PEACE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Nov1903; H38015.

  THE GUARDING ANGEL. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 16Feb1909; H122979.

  THE GUERRILLA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1908;
    H118186.

  A GUILTY CONSCIENCE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 30June1908;
    H112555.

  THE GUILTY PARTY, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 4May1912;
    J168970–72.

  GULLIVER’S TRAVELS. © Siegmund Lubin; 28Apr1903; H31234.

  GUN DRILL BY NAVAL CADETS AT NEWPORT [R. I., NAVAL] TRAINING SCHOOL. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 22Nov1900; D22021.

  GYMNASIUM EXERCISES AND DRILL AT NEWPORT [R. I., NAVAL] TRAINING
    SCHOOL. © Thomas A. Edison; 22Nov1900; D22022.

  A GYPSY DUEL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Aug1903; H34098.

  GYPSY’S REVENGE. © S. Lubin; 26June1907; H95575.

  THE GYPSY’S REVENGE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 11Aug1908;
    H114475.

  THE GYPSY’S WARNING. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 27Sept1907;
    H100289.


                                   H

  THE HAIR RESTORER AND THE INDIANS, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison,
    Inc.; 26July1911; J158341–44.

  THE HAIRDRESSER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22May1903;
    H32106.

  HALLOWEEN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 30Oct1905; H68125.

  HALLOWEEN NIGHT AT THE SEMINARY. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Feb1904;
    H42204.

  HAMLET. © Geo. Méliès; 15Oct1907; H101151.

  HAMMOCK OVER WATER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21Sept1903;
    H35874.

  THE HAND OF FATE. © S. Lubin; 7May1908; H110271.

  HANGING STOCKINGS CHRISTMAS EVE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    15Dec1902; H25016.

  HANK AND LANK. © Essanay Film Mfg. Co.; 20Aug1910; J144664.

  HANSEL AND GRETEL, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 15Oct1909;
    J133431–33.

  A HAPPY ACCIDENT, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 21Dec1909;
    J136262–65.

  HAPPY FAMILY, no. 99. © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9242.

  HAPPY HOOLIGAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 20June1903;
    H33025.

  HAPPY HOOLIGAN AND HIS AIRSHIP. SEE The Twentieth Century Tramp.

  HAPPY HOOLIGAN APRIL-FOOLED. © Thomas A. Edison; 6Apr1901; H3107.

  HAPPY HOOLIGAN IN A TRAP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    6July1903; H33399.

  HAPPY HOOLIGAN SURPRISED. © Thomas A. Edison; 6Apr1901; H3108.

  HAPPY HOOLIGAN TURNS BURGLAR. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Jan1902; H13157.

  HAPPY HOOLIGAN’S INTERRUPTED LUNCH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 8Oct1903; H36631.

  HAPPY JACK, A HERO. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10Dec1910; J148649.

  THE HARBINGER OF PEACE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    16Aug1912; J172457–60.

  HARD TO BEAT, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 25Mar1909; H124847–51.

  A HARD WASH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Jan1903; H26945.

  A HARD WASH. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896; 68803.

  HARLEM FLATS. © S. Lubin; 18June1908; H112075.

  HARRY THOMPSON’S IMMITATIONS [i.e. IMITATIONS] OF SOUSA. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 16Dec1901; H11491.

  HARVARD-PENNSYLVANIA FOOTBALL GAME. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 16Nov1903; H38239.

  THE HAT OF FORTUNE. © S. Lubin; 3Sept1908; H115288.

  HAULING A SHAD NET. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14June1902;
    H19020.

  HAULING SUGAR CANE, KOHALA PLANTATION, HAWAII. © Thomas A. Edison;
    11Aug1906; H81961.

  HAUNTED HAT. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 29July1909; J131733.

  THE HAUNTED HOTEL. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 21Feb1907; H90641.

  THE HAUNTED HOUSE. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 4Sept1911;
    J159662.

  THE HAUNTED HOUSE. © Siegmund Lubin; 15Aug1899; 52379.

  THE HAUNTED SENTINEL TOWER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    18Apr1911; J154566–69.

  HAVE A LIGHT, SIR. © Winthrop Press; 22May1906; H78023.

  HAVE YOU SEEN MY WIFE? © S. Lubin; 11Jan1908; H105053.

  HAVERSTRAW TUNNEL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30724.

  HAWAIIANS ARRIVING TO ATTEND A LUAU OR NATIVE FEAST. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 11Aug1906; H81954.

  HAWAIIANS DEPARTING TO ATTEND A LUAU OR NATIVE FEAST. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 11Aug1906; H81955.

  THE HAZERS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 9Dec1908; H119441.

  “HE COMETH NOT,” SHE SAID. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13Aug1903; H34508.

  HE COULDN’T DANCE, BUT HE LEARNED. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    22May1909; H127351.

  HE COULDN’T GO HOME UNTIL MORNING. SEE A Night Out.

  HE FORGOT HIS UMBRELLA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Apr1902; H16347.

  HE GOT HIS HAT. © Paley & Steiner; 20Jan1905; H56273.

  HE GOT INTO THE WRONG BATH HOUSE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    15July1905; H63382.

  HE GOT SOAP IN HIS EYES. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 19May1908;
    H110737.

  HE LOVES ME, HE LOVES ME NOT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Aug1903; H34821.

  HE TRIED ON HANDCUFFS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 7Sept1909;
    J131470.

  HE TRIES THE FIRE ESCAPE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9June1904; H46935.

  HE WENT TO SEE THE DEVIL PLAY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    28Dec1908; H120412.

  HE WOULDN’T GO UNDER A LADDER, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    2July1909; J129738–39.

  HEAD-ON COLLISION AT BRIGHTON BEACH RACE TRACK, JULY 4TH, 1906. ©
    Miles Bros.; 14Aug1906; H82213.

  HEARD OVER THE PHONE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 4Sept1908;
    H115350–53.

  THE HEART OF A CLOWN, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 30Nov1909;
    J135648–51.

  THE HEART OF A GYPSY. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 25July1912; J171836.

  THE HEART OF A SAVAGE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 6Mar1911; J152909.

  THE HEART OF NICHETTE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 8Dec1911;
    J164346–49.

  HEART OF OYAMA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Sept1908;
    H115483.

  THE HEART OF THE ROSE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 5Apr1910;
    J140229–32.

  HEARTBEATS OF LONG AGO. © Biograph Co.; 1c 6Feb1911; J151842.

  HEARTS AND DIAMONDS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 20Sept1912;
    J176531–34.

  HEARTS AND FLAGS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 26May1911;
    J156351–54.

  THE HEATHEN CHINESE AND THE SUNDAY SCHOOL TEACHERS. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Jan1904; H40721.

  HEATING POWER. © S. Lubin; 3Sept1908; H115285.

  HEAVEN AVENGES. © Biograph Co.; 1c 23July1912; J171535.

  THE HEAVENLY TWINS AT LUNCH. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Oct1903; H36780.

  THE HEAVENLY TWINS AT ODDS. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Oct1903; H36781.

  HEAVING THE LOG. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Apr1898; 25334.

  THE HEBREW FUGITIVE. © S. Lubin; 29July1908; H113993.

  THE HEIR APPARENT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 8Mar1912;
    J167224–27.

  HELD FOR RANSOM. © S. Lubin; 18June1908; H112076.

  HELD FOR RANSOM. SEE The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.

  HELEN’S MARRIAGE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22May1912; J169461.

  HELP! HELP! © Biograph Co.; 1c 10Apr1912; J168044.

  HELP! POLICE! © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Mar1909; H123651.

  HELP WANTED. © Biograph Co.; 1c 16Jan1911; J150815.

  THE HELPING HAND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17Dec1908;
    H120043.

  THE HELPING HAND. © Geo. Méliès; 10Sept1908; H115489.

  THE HELPING HAND. © Imp Films Co.; 5Feb1912; J165941.

  HELPING JOHN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 28Aug1912;
    J176451–54.

  HENPECKED IKE. © Imp Films Co.; 18May1912; J169378.

  HER BIRTHDAY. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 9Dec1911; J163356.

      On same reel with Interscholastic Run.

  HER BROTHER’S PHOTOGRAPH, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    13June1911; J156609–12.

  HER FACE, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 19Mar1912; J167610–12.

  HER FACE WAS HER FORTUNE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 13Sept1909; J132447.

  HER FATHER’S PRIDE. © The Biograph Co.; 1c 6Aug1910; J144012.

  HER FIRST ADVENTURE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13Mar1908;
    H107372.

  HER FIRST APPEARANCE, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 15Apr1910;
    J140618–23.

  HER FIRST BISCUITS. © Biograph Co.; 12June1909; H128254.

  HER FIRST CIGARETTE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Jan1903;
    H27378.

  HER FIRST COMMISSION, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 10Feb1911;
    J152127–30.

  HER MORNING EXERCISE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23775.

  HER MOTHER INTERFERES. © Biograph Co.; 1c 25Nov1911; J163176.

  HER NEW PARTY GOWN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Dec1903;
    H39140.

  HER NEWSBOY FRIEND. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 15Sept1908;
    H115621.

  HER PET. © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Dec1911; J163667.

  HER POLISHED FAMILY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 13Mar1912;
    J167298–301.

  HER SACRIFICE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 28June1911; J157124.

  HER TERRIBLE ORDEAL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 13Jan1910; J137169.

  HER WEDDING RING, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 14Oct1911;
    J161661–64.

  HERD OF CATTLE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12June1902;
    H18896.

  HERD OF SHEEP ON THE ROAD TO JERUSALEM. © Thomas A. Edison;
    17June1903; H32808.

  HERDING HORSES ACROSS A RIVER. © Thomas A. Edison; 18May1904; H46142.

  HERE HE IS, IN JAIL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904;
    H46937.

  HERE’S TO THE PRETTIEST. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75811.

  THE HERO. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 15Apr1907; H92665.

  THE HERO OF LIAO YANG. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Sept1904; H50675.

  HEROES THREE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 14June1911;
    J156601–04.

  THE HEROINE OF THE FORGE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 28Dec1908;
    H120415.

  THE HESSIAN RENEGADES. SEE 1776.

  HICKERY, DICKERY DOCK. © Siegmund Lubin; 1May1903; H31310.

  THE HIGH COST OF LIVING, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    4June1912; J170195–98.

  HIGH DIVING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Sept1902; H21511.

  HIGH DIVING BY A. C. HOLDEN. © Thomas A. Edison; 20June1900; D12834.

  HIGH SCHOOL FIELD EXERCISES, MISSOURI COMMISSION. © American Mutoscope
    & Biograph Co.; 7May1904; H45455.

  HIGHWAY ROBBERY. © S. Lubin; 23Jan1905; H56142.

  THE HILARIOUS POSTERS. © Geo. Méliès; 28Mar1906; H75045.

  THE HINDOO DAGGER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17Feb1909;
    H123060.

  HINDOO FAKIR. © Thomas A. Edison; 15Feb1902; H14252.

  THE HINDU’S PRIZE. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 8Aug1912; J171891.

  HIPPODROME RACES, DREAMLAND, CONEY ISLAND. © Thomas A. Edison;
    29June1905; H62762.

  HIRING A GIRL. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5June1909; H128025.

  HIS DAUGHTER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 25Feb1911; J152549.

  HIS DAUGHTER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 13Feb1912;
    J166535–38.

  HIS DAY OF REST. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9May1908;
    H110428.

  HIS DRESS SHIRT. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 30Oct1911; J162088.

      On same reel with A Few Minutes With Steeplejack Lindholm.

  HIS DUTY. © Biograph Co.; 28May1909; H127701.

  HIS FIRST GIRL. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 21Apr1909; H126019.

  HIS FIRST RIDE. © Wm. N. Selig; 29Mar1907; H92120.

  HIS FIRST TRIP, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 16Aug1911;
    J159672–75.

  HIS FIRST VALENTINE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 11Mar1910;
    J139174–77.

  HIS HOLINESS, LEO XIII IN THE GARDENS OF THE VATICAN, BEING
    PHOTOGRAPHED BY THE AMERICAN BIOGRAPH CAMERA. © American Mutoscope
    Co.; 24Dec1898; 75821.

  H. H. POPE LEO [XIII] IN CHAIR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Sept1903; H35645.

  HIS JUST DESERTS, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 4Feb1910; J138043–45.

  HIS LAST BURGLARY. © Biograph Co.; 26Feb1910; J138678.

  HIS LAST DOLLAR. © Biograph Co.; 1c 4Apr1910; J140314.

  HIS LESSON. © Biograph Co.; 1c 16May1912; J169289.

  HIS LITTLE GIRL. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 17June1909; H128499.

  HIS LOST LOVE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 19Oct1909; J133276.

  HIS MADONNA. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 26July1912; J171729.

  HIS MASTERPIECE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26Feb1903;
    H28679.

  HIS MASTERPIECE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 12Nov1909; J134773–76.

  HIS MESSAGE. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 25June1912; J170424.

  HIS MISJUDGMENT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 23June1911;
    J157072–75.

  HIS MOTHER’S SCARF. © Biograph Co.; 1c 26Apr1911; J154757.

  HIS MOTHER’S THANKSGIVING, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 22Nov1910;
    J148140–43.

  HIS MOVE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Sept1905; H65318.

  HIS NAME WAS MUD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Feb1903;
    H27978.

  HIS NEMESIS. © New York Motion Picture Co.; 19July1912; J171460.

  HIS NEW FAMILY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 16Aug1910; J145123–26.

  HIS NEW LID. © Biograph Co.; 1c 26Nov1910; J148146.

  HIS NEW WIFE. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 1Jan1912; J163922.

  HIS OTHER SELF. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 29June1912; J170641.

  HIS OWN FAULT. © Biograph Co.; 1c 23July1912; J171533.

  HIS PARTNER’S SHARE. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 3Aug1912; J171892.

  HIS PUNISHMENT. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 18June1912; J170267.

  HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 28Aug1911;
    J159429.

      On same reel with Views of Hot Springs, Ark.

  H.R.H. THE PRINCE OF WALES DECORATING THE MONUMENT OF CHAMPLAIN AND
    RECEIVING ADDRESSES OF WELCOME FROM THE MAYOR OF QUEBEC, THE
    GOVERNOR GENERAL OF CANADA AND VICE-PRESIDENT FAIRBANKS,
    REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    3Aug1908; H114183.

  H.R.H. THE PRINCE OF WALES VIEWING THE GRAND MILITARY REVIEW ON THE
    PLAINS OF ABRAHAM, QUEBEC. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 3Aug1908;
    H114184.

  HIS SECRETARY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 2Feb1912;
    J165916–19.

  HIS SISTER-IN-LAW. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20Dec1910; J149038.

  HIS TRUST. © Biograph Co.; 1c 19Jan1911; J150968.

  HIS TRUST FULFILLED. © Biograph Co.; 1c 24Jan1911; J151126.

  HIS WARD’S LOVE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13Feb1909;
    H122930.

  HIS WEEK’S WAGES; or, WHERE’S THAT QUARTER? © S. Lubin; 20Jan1908;
    H105292.

  HIS WIFE’S MOTHER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 1Mar1909;
    H123539.

  HIS WIFE’S SWEETHEARTS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Jan1911; J150108.

  HIS WIFE’S VISITOR. © Biograph Co.; 1c 19Aug1909; J130779.

  HIS YOUNG FRIENDS ARRIVE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9June1904; H46932.

  AN HISTORIC FEAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Apr1902;
    H16738.

  HISTORICAL PARADE. © S. Lubin; 10Oct1908; H116795.

  HISTORY REPEATS ITSELF, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 10May1910;
    H141274–76.

  HOBO’S DREAM. © S. Lubin; 30Oct1908; H117626.

  HOBO’S REVENGE. © S. Lubin; 1Aug1908; H114116.

  HOCKEY MATCH ON THE ICE. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13572.

  HOGAN’S ALLEY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 14Feb1912;
    J166539–42.

  THE HOLD-UP, HELD UP, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7June1909;
    H128129–30.

  HOLD UP IN A COUNTRY GROCERY STORE. © Thomas A. Edison; 29Apr1904;
    H45036.

  THE HOLD-UP OF THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN EXPRESS. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 12Apr1906; H75633.

  HOLDING THE FORT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 14Aug1912;
    J176519–22.

  HOLLAND SUBMARINE BOAT TESTS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18July1904; H48223.

  THE HOLY CITY, parts 1–2. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 21July1912;
    J170795–96.

  HOME, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 24Nov1911; J162745–48.

  A HOME AT LAST. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 11Mar1909; H123859.

  THE HOME-MADE TURKISH BATH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    14Jan1904; H40867.

  THE HOME OF THE SEAL, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 11Jan1911;
    J151329–32.

  HOME STRIKE BREAKERS. © Imp Films Co.; 9Mar1912; J167084.

  HOMEFOLKS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10June1912; J170147.

  HOMELESS, parts 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 18Apr1912; J168436–38.

  THE HOMER’S ODYSSEY; or, THE ADVENTURES OF ULYSSES, parts 1–3. ©
    Monopol Film Co.; 1c 9Nov1911; J162641–43.

  HONESTY IS THE BEST POLICY, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 18June1908;
    H112093–97.

  THE HONEYMOON AT NIAGARA FALLS, scenes 1–11. © Thomas A. Edison;
    16Oct1906; H83903–13.

  HONEYMOON IN A BALLOON. © Geo. Méliès; 10Oct1908; H116787.

  HONG KONG REGIMENT. © Thomas A. Edison.

      No. 1. © 22June1898; 38237.

      No. 2. © 22June1898; 38236.

  HONG KONG, WHARF-SCENE. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38247.

  HONOLULU STREET SCENE. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38226.

  THE HONOR OF HIS FAMILY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 26Jan1910; J137729.

  THE HONOR OF THE SLUMS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 13Feb1909;
    H122902.

  THE HONOR OF THIEVES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2Jan1909;
    H120976.

  THE HONORABLE ARTILLERY COMPANY OF LONDON. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 8Oct1903; H36632.

  THE HOODOO AUTOMOBILE. SEE License No. 13.

  HOOLIGAN AS A SAFE ROBBER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Oct1903; H36676.

  HOOLIGAN ASSISTS THE MAGICIAN. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Nov1900; D21658.

  HOOLIGAN IN JAIL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Oct1903;
    H36551.

  HOOLIGAN TO THE RESCUE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Oct1903;
    H36550.

  HOOLIGAN’S CHRISTMAS DREAM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    1Dec1903; H38687.

  HOOLIGAN’S ROLLER SKATES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Oct1903; H36863.

  HOOLIGAN’S THANKSGIVING DINNER (Thumb Book). © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 10Nov1903; H37833.

  THE HOOP AND THE LOVERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Mar1904; H43575.

  THE HOOPSKIRT AND THE NARROW DOOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 29Mar1904; H44031.

  THE HORRORS OF WAR. SEE The Patriot.

  HORSE DANCING COUCHEE COUCHEE. © Thomas A. Edison; 8May1897; 28526.

  THE HORSE MARKET. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8July1903;
    H33279.

  A HORSE OF ANOTHER COLOR. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 17May1907;
    H93881.

  HORSE PARADE AT THE PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION. © Thomas A. Edison;
    26Oct1901; H10087.

  THE HORSE THIEF. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13Sept1905;
    H65361.

  HORSES DRAWING IN SEINE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Aug1903; H34988.

  HORSES DRAWING SALMON SEINE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Aug1903; H34986.

  HORSES LOADING FOR KLONDIKE, no. 9 [Alaska Gold Rush]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 25Oct1897; 60558.

  HORSESHOE FALLS—FROM LUNA ISLE [Niagara Falls]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    24Dec1896; 70080.

  HORSESHOE FALLS—FROM TABLE ROCK [Niagara Falls]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    24Dec1896; 70081.

  HORSEWHIPPING THE EDITOR: THE EDITOR AT WORK. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 16Dec1904; H54349.

  HORTICULTURAL FLOATS, no. 9. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13530.

  HOT MEALS AT ALL HOURS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    14Jan1903; H26947.

  HOT MUTTON PIES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Sept1902;
    H21513.

  HOT STUFF. © Biograph Co.; 1c 21Mar1912; J167393.

  A HOT TIME AT HOME. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2Feb1904.
    H41749.

  HOTEL DEL MONTE. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60586.

  HOTEL VENDOME, SAN JOSE, CAL. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60584.

  HOUSE CLEANING DAYS; or, NO REST FOR THE WEARY. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 21Oct1908; H117311.

  THE HOUSE NEXT DOOR. SEE The Treasure.

  HOUSE OF CARDS, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 10Dec1909; J135937–41.

  THE HOUSE OF TERROR. © S. Lubin; 6July1908; H112820.

  THE HOUSE OF THE SEVEN GABLES, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    18Oct1910; J146834–37.

  THE HOUSE OF TOO MUCH TROUBLE. SEE The Flat Dwellers.

  THE HOUSE ON THE BRIDGE. © S. Lubin; 30Oct1908; H117629.

  THE HOUSE ON THE HILL, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 14June1910;
    J142385–88.

  THE HOUSE THAT JACK BUILT. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 15Apr1909; H125803.

  HOUSE TO LET; or, THE NEW TENANTS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    1Feb1908; H105774.

  THE HOUSE WITH CLOSED SHUTTERS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 11Aug1910; J144163.

  THE HOUSE WITH THE TALL PORCH, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    22Mar1912; J167606–09.

  HOW A FRENCH NOBLEMAN GOT A WIFE THROUGH THE NEW YORK HERALD PERSONAL
    COLUMNS. © Thomas A. Edison; 26Aug1904; H49524.

  HOW A PRETTY GIRL SOLD HER HAIR RESTORER. © S. Lubin; 3Sept1908;
    H115286.

  HOW BELLA WAS WON, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 10Mar1911;
    J153238–41.

  HOW BOBBY JOINED THE CIRCUS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    23Sept1912; J176554–57.

  HOW BRIDGET MADE THE FIRE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Apr1902; H16339.

  HOW BRIDGET’S LOVER ESCAPED. © Geo. Méliès; 26Apr1907; H93043.

  HOW BROWN GOT MARRIED. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 16Aug1909; J133964.

  HOW BUMPTIOUS PAPERED THE PARLOR, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    15July1910; J143372–75.

  HOW BUTTONS GOT EVEN WITH THE BUTLER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.

      © 15July1903; H33455.

      © 13Aug1903; H34509.

  HOW CHARLIE LOST THE HEIRESS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18Mar1903; H29470.

  HOW DUCKS ARE FATTENED. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11May1903; H31676.

  HOW FATHER ACCOMPLISHED HIS WORK, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 15June1912; J170303–06.

  HOW HAPPY JACK GOT A MEAL. © S. Lubin; 16Dec1908; H119728.

  HOW HE WAS CURED. SEE The Fresh Air Fiend.

  HOW HUBBY GOT A RAISE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8Oct1910; J146226.

  HOW JONES LOST HIS ROLL. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Mar1905.

      Jones Meets Skinflint. H58567.

      Skinflint treats Jones. H58568.

      Skinflint’s cheap wine. H58569.

      Invitation to dinner. H58570.

      Game of cards. H58571.

      Jones loses. H58572.

      Jones goes home in barrel. H58573.

  HOW JONES SAW THE BASEBALL GAME. © S. Lubin; 26Oct1907; H101654.

  HOW JONES SAW THE CARNIVAL. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 20Nov1908;
    H118651.

  HOW LITTLE WILLIE PUT A HEAD ON HIS PA. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 12Apr1902; H16379.

  HOW MILLIONAIRES SOMETIMES ENTERTAIN ABOARD THEIR YACHTS. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Oct1905; H67107.

  HOW MR. BUTT-IN BENEFITS BY CHAUNCEY’S MISHAPS. © Paley & Steiner;
    27May1905; H61363.

  HOW MRS. MURRAY SAVED THE AMERICAN ARMY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A.
    Edison, Inc.; 10Oct1911; J160716–19.

  HOW MOTION PICTURES ARE MADE AND SHOWN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A.
    Edison, Inc.; 27Feb1912; J167039–42.

  HOW OLD IS ANN? © Thomas A. Edison; Inc., 15Dec1903; H39575.

  HOW PATRICK’S EYES WERE OPENED, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    20Apr1912; J168493–96.

  HOW RASTUS GOT HIS PORK CHOPS. © S. Lubin; 25Aug1908; H115090.

  HOW SHE LOVES HIM. © Paley & Steiner; 17Mar1905; H57772.

  HOW SHE MARRIED. © Imp Films Co.; 15Jan1912; J164477.

      On same reel with Cotton Industry.

  HOW SHE TRIUMPHED. © Biograph Co.; 1c 29Apr1911; J154834.

  HOW SHORTY WON OUT. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 15June1912; J170268.

  HOW SIMPKINS DISCOVERED THE NORTH POLE. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 22Aug1908; H114988.

  HOW SIR ANDREW LOST HIS VOTE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    22Dec1911; J164322–25.

  HOW SPRIGGINS TOOK LODGERS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    19Apr1911; J154570–73.

  HOW THE ATHLETIC LOVER OUTWITTED THE OLD MAN. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 18July1903; H33541.

  HOW THE BOYS FOUGHT THE INDIANS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    6July1912; J170926–29.

  HOW THE COOK MADE HER MARK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    17Mar1904; H43407.

  HOW THE DUTCH BEAT THE IRISH. © Thomas A. Edison; 15May1901; H4371.

  HOW THE HUNGRY MAN WAS FED, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    17May1911; J155844–47.

  HOW THE KIDS GOT EVEN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 13Feb1909;
    H122900.

  HOW THE LANDLORD COLLECTED HIS RENTS, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    17Sept1909; J132026–28.

  HOW THE MASHER WAS PUNISHED. © S. Lubin; 4Dec1907; H103308.

  HOW THE OFFICE BOY SAW THE BALL GAME, scenes 1–9. © Thomas A. Edison;
    10July1906; H80456–64.

  HOW THE OLD WOMAN CAUGHT THE OMNIBUS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 19Dec1903; H39710.

  HOW THE SQUIRE WAS CAPTURED, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 19Aug1910;
    J145119–22.

  HOW THE TELEPHONE CAME TO TOWN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    25Oct1911; J161702–05.

  HOW THE TRAMP GOT THE LUNCH, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    16June1909; H128438–39.

  HOW THE YOUNG MAN GOT STUCK AT OCEAN BEACH. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 18July1903; H33538.

  HOW THEY DO THINGS ON THE BOWERY. © Thomas A. Edison; 31Oct1902;
    H23280.

  HOW THEY FIRED THE BUM, NIT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13June1903; H32627.

  HOW THEY ROB MEN IN CHICAGO. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Apr1902; H16335.

  HOW TIMOTHY ESCAPED. SEE Broke.

  HOW TO CURE A COLD. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 8June1907; H94972.

  HOW TO DISPERSE THE CROWD. © L. Gaumont & Co.; 18Apr1904; H44522.

  HOW TOM PAID OFF THE MORTGAGE. SEE The Marathon Race.

  HOW WASHINGTON CROSSED THE DELAWARE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 29Mar1912; J168016–19.

  HOW WILLIE FIXED HIS DAD. SEE The Truant.

  HOW WILLIE RAISED TOBACCO, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    28June1911; J157088–157091.

  HOW WOULD YOU LIKE A WIFE LIKE THIS? © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 4May1907; H93237.

  HOW’D YOU LIKE TO BE THE ICEMAN? © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Apr1902; H16357.

  HOW’D YOU LIKE TO BE THE ICEMAN: A QUIET HOME. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 16Dec1904; H54358.

  HUBBY DECIDES TO GO TO THE CLUB. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9June1904; H46944.

  HUBBY’S VACATION. © S. Lubin; 25Aug1908; H115091.

  HULDA’S LOVERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Apr1908;
    H109471.

  HUMAN APES FROM THE ORIENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9May1906; H77050.

  THE HUMAN HEN. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896; 68823.

  HUMANITY THROUGH AGES. © Geo. Méliès; 7Feb1908; H105980.

  HUMOROUS PHASES OF FUNNY FACES. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    6Apr1906; H75272.

  THE HUNCHBACK. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 31Aug1909; J131158.

  THE HUNGRY ACTOR. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 16Aug1909; J132276.

  HUNTING DOWN A WILD CAT WITH HOUNDS. © W. J. Stroud; 1c 9Apr1912;
    J167992.

  HUNTING THE TEDDY BEAR. © Geo. Méliès; 2June1908; H111273.

  HURDLE JUMPING AND SADDLE VAULTING. © Thos. A. Edison; 21Apr1897;
    24888.

  HURDLE RACE—HIGH JUMPERS. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Dec1896; 70075.

  A HUSBAND’S REVENGE; or, THE POISONED PILLS. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 22May1908; H110860.

  HUSKING BEE. © Thomas A. Edison; 24May1897; 31238–39.

  A HUSTLING SOUBRETTE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Feb1904;
    H42239.

  HYDE PARK SCHOOL GRADUATING CLASS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 2May1904; H45150.

  HYDE PARK SCHOOL ROOM 2. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2May1904; H45149.

  THE HYPNOTIC CURE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5June1909; H128026.

  THE HYPNOTIST’S REVENGE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Aug1907; H97644.

  THE HYPNOTIST’S REVENGE. © Geo. Méliès; 3Nov1909; J133580.


                                   I

  I DID IT, MAMMA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Mar1909;
    H123871.

  I HAD TO LEAVE A HAPPY HOME FOR YOU. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 24Apr1903; H30729.

  I RATHER TWO STEP THAN WALTZ. © S. Lubin; 11Jan1908; H105056.

  I WISH I HAD A GIRL. © Imp Films Co.; 20Jan1912; J164579.

      On same reel with Flag Of Distress.

  ICE-BOAT RACING AT REDBANK, N. J. © Thomas A. Edison; 1Mar1901; H1492.

  ICE BOATING ON SHREWSBURY RIVER. © Imp Films Co.; 24Feb1912; J166789.

  ICE BOATING ON THE NORTH SHREWSBURY, RED BANK, N. J. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 16Feb1904; H42208.

  AN ICE COVERED VESSEL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Feb1904;
    H42801.

  ICE SKATING IN CENTRAL PARK, N. Y. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Jan1904;
    H40944.

  ICE YACHT RACING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Apr1902;
    H16360.

  ICE YACHTING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.

      © 9Jan1903; H26853.

      © 25June1903; H32945.

  ICEBERGS OFF THE COAST OF LABRADOR, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 11Nov1911; J162461–64.

  THE ICONOCLAST. © Biograph Co.; 1c 5Oct1910; J146130.

  IF WM. PENN CAME TO LIFE. © S. Lubin; 20Nov1907; H102688.

  IF YOU WANT TO CATCH A BIRD, PUT SALT ON IT’S TAIL. SEE The Salt Did
    It.

  I’LL JUST TRY THE BED. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904;
    H46936.

  I’LL ONLY MARRY A SPORT. © S. Lubin; 19Jan1909; H121764.

  ILLUSIONS FANTASMAGORIQUES. © George Méliès; 5Nov1903; H37664.

  IMMIGRANT’S VIOLIN. © Imp Films Co.; 26Feb1912; J166713.

  THE IMP OF THE BOTTLE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 16Nov1909;
    J134985–88.

  THE IMPALEMENT. © Biograph Co.; 1c 31May1910; J141757.

  AN IMPARTIAL LOVER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2Nov1903;
    H37498.

  THE IMPERCEPTIBLE TRANSMUTATIONS. © George Méliès; 19Apr1904; H44585.

  IMPERSONATION OF BRITT-NELSON FIGHT. © S. Lubin; 29Sept1905; H66293.

  IMPERSONATION OF GANS-NELSON FIGHT. © S. Lubin; 17Aug1906; H82026.

  IMPERSONATION OF THE FITZSIMMONS-O’BRIEN FIGHT. © S. Lubin; 8Nov1905;
    H68363.

  IMPOSSIBILITIES. © S. Lubin; 22Jan1908; H105390.

  THE IMPOSSIBLE CONVICTS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Dec1905; H70260.

  AN IMPOSSIBLE VOYAGE, parts 1–16. © Geo. Méliès; 12Oct1904; H51545–60.

  IMRO FOX RABBIT TRICK. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3546.

  IN A BOARDING SCHOOL GYM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Mar1904; H43569.

  IN A GERMAN BATH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4Apr1903;
    H30182.

  IN A HEMPEN BAG. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20Dec1909; J136054.

  IN A MANICURE PARLOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Sept1902;
    H22087.

  IN A MASSAGE PARLOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Sept1902;
    H22090.

  IN A RAINES LAW HOTEL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24July1905; H63806.

  IN AND AROUND CHICAGO. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 13July1912; J170753,
    J171727.

  IN AND AROUND HAVANA, CUBA, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    17May1911; J155836–39.

  IN HER BOUDOIR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Jun1904; H46953.

  IN HIS FATHER’S STEPS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 6Aug1912;
    J176483–86.

  IN LIFE’S CYCLE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 19Sept1910; J145612.

  IN LITTLE ITALY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 29Dec1909; J136491.

  IN MY LADY’S BOUDOIR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Aug1903;
    H34822.

  IN OLD CALIFORNIA. © Biograph Co.; 1c 12Mar1910; J139101.

  IN OLD KENTUCKY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 14Sept1909; J131613.

  IN OLD TENNESSEE, scene 1, parts 1 & 2. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.;
    15Aug1912; J172203.

  IN THE BAGGAGE COACH AHEAD, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    16May1911; J155646–49.

  IN THE BARBER SHOP. © Geo. Méliès; 24Mar1908; H107868.

  IN THE BOGIE MAN’S CAVE. © Geo. Méliès; 4Jan1908; H104846.

  IN THE BORDER STATES. © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Jun1910; J142348.

  IN THE DAYS OF CHIVALRY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 3Jan1911;
    J150723–26.

  IN THE DAYS OF ’49. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10May1911; J155222.

  IN THE DAYS OF KING GEORGE. SEE A Rustic Heroine.

  IN THE DAYS OF THE PILGRIMS; a romance of the 15th century in America.
    © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 28Aug1908; H115154.

  IN THE DAYS OF WITCHCRAFT, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 8Apr1909;
    H125508–12.

  IN THE DRESSING ROOM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Sept1903;
    H35628.

  IN THE HANDS OF IMPOSTERS, parts 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 14June1911;
    J156525–27.

  IN THE HAUNTS OF RIP VAN WINKLE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Apr1906; H75634.

  IN THE KINGDOM OF FAIRYLAND. © S. Lubin; 24Sept1903; H36145.

  IN THE LAND OF UPSIDEDOWN. © S. Lubin; 19Jan1909; H121760.

  IN THE NICK OF TIME. © S. Lubin; 5Aug1908; H114301.

  IN THE NICK OF TIME, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 18Jan1910;
    J137507–10.

  IN THE NORTHERN WOODS. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 11Jan1912;
    J164367.

  IN THE SEASON OF BUDS. © Biograph Co.; 6June1910; J142083.

  IN THE SEWING. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 31July1912; J171728.

  IN THE SPRINGTIME, GENTLE ANNIE! © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Jan1904; H40941.

  IN THE TOMBS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Aug1906; H81753.

  IN THE VALLEY OF THE ESOPUS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Apr1906; H75636.

  IN THE WATCHES OF THE NIGHT. © Biograph Co.; 1c 27Oct1909; J133855.

  IN THE WINDOW RECESS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Dec1909; J135516.

  THE INAUGURATION OF PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 10Mar1905; H57515.

  INCIDENT FROM DON QUIXOTE. © Geo. Méliès; 10Oct1908; H116785.

  INCIDENTS OF THE DURBAR, DELHI, INDIA, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 23Mar1912; J167590–93.

  INCOMPATIBILITY OF TEMPER. SEE Lonely Gentleman.

  INDIAN BITTERS; or, THE PATENT MEDICINE MAN. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 29Mar1908; H107927.

  THE INDIAN BROTHERS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20July1911; J157874.

  INDIAN DAY SCHOOL. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13560.

  AN INDIAN LOVE STORY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 14Dec1907;
    H103671.

  THE INDIAN MASSACRE, parts 1–2. © New York Motion Picture Co.;
    1Mar1912; J166755.

  THE INDIAN RUNNER’S ROMANCE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 24Aug1909; J130843.

  THE INDIAN SORCERER. © Geo. Méliès; 29July1908; H113975.

  AN INDIAN SUMMER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 12July1912; J171149.

  INDIANA WHITECAPS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902;
    H24874.

  AN INDIAN’S DEVOTION. SEE Onawandah.

  THE INDIAN’S FRIENDSHIP. © S. Lubin; 24July1907; H97079.

  AN INDIAN’S HONOR. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 29July1908;
    H113972.

  INDIANS LEAVING BALD MOUNTAIN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    21Sept1903; H35881.

  THE INDIAN’S REVENGE; or, OSCEOLA, THE LAST OF THE SEMINOLES. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 14Sept1906; H82756.

  INDUSTRIAL PARADE. © S. Lubin; 10Oct1908; H116793.

  THE INFERNAL CALDRON. © George Méliès; 12Oct1903; H36704.

  THE INFERNAL MACHINE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 29Apr1909;
    H126312.

  INGOMAR, scenes 1–7. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 19Sept1908; H115944–50.

  THE INGRATE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Nov1908; H118294.

  THE INHERITANCE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 31May1911;
    J156347–50.

  THE INN OF DEATH; an adventure in the Pyrenees Mountains. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 3Nov1908; H117827.

  THE INN WHERE NO MAN RESTS. © George Méliès; 25June1903; H32938.

  THE INNER CIRCLE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 17Aug1912; J172323.

  THE INNOCENT BYSTANDER. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5June1909; H128027.

  AN INNOCENT CONSPIRATOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    29May1903; H32298.

  AN INNOCENT VICTIM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12June1903;
    H32557.

  AN INNOCENT VICTIM. SEE Circumstantial Evidence.

  THE INQUISITIVE BOY; or, UNCLE’S PRESENT. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 8Oct1907; H100657.

  AN INQUISITIVE GIRL. © S. Lubin; 3Aug1907; H97639.

  INSANITY; or, THE MADMAN. © Eclair Film Co.; 1c 20Mar1912; J167295.

  INSIDE CAR, SHOWING BAG CATCHER [U.S.P.O.]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 1Oct1903; H36400.

  INSTALLATION CEREMONIES OF PRESIDENT BUTLER [Columbia University]. ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902; H23813.

  INSTRUCTION BY CORRESPONDENCE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    20July1909; J129605.

  THE INSURANCE COLLECTOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    30Sept1903; H36354.

  THE INSURANCE SOLICITOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    1Feb1906; H72714.

  THE INSURGENT SENATOR, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    16Apr1912; J168505–08.

  AN INTELLIGENT CAMERA, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    6July1912; J171341–43.

  INTER-COLLEGIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION CHAMPIONSHIPS, 1904. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 7June1904; H46906.

  INTER-COLLEGIATE REGATTA, POUGHKEEPSIE, NEW YORK, 1904. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 2July1904; H47665.

  INTERIOR CONEY ISLAND CLUB HOUSE, no. 1–4. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 13Nov1899; 74289–92.

  INTERIOR N. Y. SUBWAY, 14TH ST. TO 42ND ST. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 5June1905; H61570.

  THE INTERMITTENT ALARM CLOCK. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    23Dec1907; H104009.

  INTERNATIONAL AUTOMOBILE RACES, INDIANAPOLIS. © William N. Swain; 1c
    12June1912; J170186.

  INTERNATIONAL CONTEST FOR THE HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP: SQUIRES VS.
    BURNS, OCEAN VIEW, CAL., JULY 4TH, 1907. © Miles Bros.; 18July1907;
    H96711.

  AN INTERNATIONAL HEART-BREAKER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    13Dec1911; J164354–57.

  THE INTERRUPTED BATHERS. © Thomas A. Edison; 22Oct1902; H22833.

  THE INTERRUPTED BREAKFAST: THE MAID. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 16Dec1904; H54334.

  AN INTERRUPTED ELOPEMENT. © Biograph Co.; 1c 17Aug1912; J172320.

  AN INTERRUPTED FLIRTATION. © Paley & Steiner; 27Oct1904; H52167.

  AN INTERRUPTED GAME. © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Aug1911; J158881.

  AN INTERRUPTED HONEYMOON. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    26Nov1904. H53767.

  THE INTERRUPTED JOY RIDE, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 8Apr1909;
    H125517–19.

  AN INTERRUPTED KISS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13July1903;
    H33416.

  INTERRUPTED OUTING. © S. Lubin; 20Sept1907; H99883.

  THE INTERRUPTED PICNIC. © Thomas A. Edison; 22Oct1902; H22834.

  INTERSCHOLASTIC RUN. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 9Dec1911;
    J163356.

      On same reel with Her Birthday.

  INTO THE HEART OF THE CATSKILLS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Apr1906; H75635.

  INTO THE JAWS OF DEATH, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 15Nov1910;
    J148069–72.

  INVENTIONS OF AN IDIOT. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 20Mar1909; H124443.

  THE INVENTOR’S GALVANIC FLUID. SEE Liquid Electricity.

  THE INVENTOR’S SECRET. © Biograph Co.; 1c 25Oct1911; J162080.

  INVISIBLE FLUID. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11June1908;
    H111674.

  IOLA’S PROMISE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 11Mar1912; J167112.

  AN IRISH HERO. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10Feb1909; H122797.

  IRISH REEL. © Winthrop Press; 6Sept1906; H82614.

  THE IRON MASTER, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28Feb1911; J152748–51.

  IS HE ELIGIBLE? scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 10Apr1912;
    J168268–71.

  AN ISLAND COMEDY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc; 27Oct1911;
    J161690–93.

  IT HAPPENED AT MIDNIGHT. © S. Lubin; 16Dec1908; H119727.

  IT IS VERY PRETTY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Dec1904;
    H54351.

  IT MIGHT HAVE BEEN WORSE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Mar1909; H123655.

  IT PAYS TO ADVERTISE, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 5Apr1910;
    J140226–28.

  IT SERVED HER RIGHT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 31May1911;
    J156363–66.

  IT WAS COMING TO HIM. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75810.

  THE ITALIAN BARBER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 11Jan1911; J150748.

  ITALIAN BLOOD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 11Oct1911; J161479.

  IT’S A SHAME TO TAKE THE MONEY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19May1905; H61110.

  IT’S NEVER TOO LATE TO MEND. © S. Lubin; 16Sept1908; H115774.

  IT’S UNLUCKY TO PASS UNDER A LADDER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 10Apr1902; H16352.


                                   J

  JACK AND JILL. © Paley & Steiner; 6June1905; H61593.

  JACK AND JILL. © Siegmund Lubin; 28Apr1903; H31233.

  JACK AND JIM. © George Méliès. 4Dec1903; H38791.

  JACK AND THE BEANSTALK. © Siegmund Lubin; 2May1903; H31329.

  JACK AND THE BEANSTALK. © Thomas A. Edison; 20June1902; H19221.

  JACK AND THE BEANSTALK, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    16Jan1912; J165011–14.

  JACK JAGGS & DUM DUM. © George Méliès; 26Oct1903; H37292.

  JACK JOHNSON AND JIM FLYNN UP-TO-DATE. © The Johnson Flynn Feature
    Film Co.; 1c 20Mar1912; J167289.

  JACK JOHNSON VS. JIM FLYNN CONTEST FOR HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE
    WORLD, LAS VEGAS, NEW MEXICO, JULY 4, 1912. © Jack Curley; 1c
    18July1912; J171968.

  JACK JOHNSON VS. STANLEY KETCHELL. SEE World’s Championship, Jack
    Johnson Vs. Stanley Ketchell.

  JACK THE KISSER, scenes 1–8. © Thomas A. Edison; 4Oct1907; H100531–38.

  JACK THE PEEPER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904;
    H46934.

  JACQUES ET JIM. © George Méliès; 4Dec1903; H38793.

  THE JAIL BIRD AND HOW HE FLEW; a farce comedy escape. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 27June1906; H79887.

  THE JAM CLOSET, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 2Mar1912;
    J167019–22.

  JAMAICA NEGROES DOING A TWO-STEP. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Apr1907;
    H92576.

  JAMESTOWN NAVAL REVIEW. © S. Lubin; 10May1907; H93526.

  THE JANITOR’S BOTTLE, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 20Feb1909;
    H123193–95.

  JAPANESE ACROBATS. © Thomas A. Edison; 29Apr1904; H45038.

  JAPANESE FENCING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21May1902;
    H17973.

  A JAPANESE PEACH BOY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 1Feb1910;
    J138037–40.

  JAPANESE SAMPANS. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38248.

  JAPANESE VILLAGE [Pan American Exposition, Buffalo]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 31July1901; H7330.

  A JAR OF CRANBERRY SAUCE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 23Sept1910;
    J145944–47.

  THE JEALOUS HUSBAND. © Biograph Co.; 1c 12July1911; J157529.

  THE JEALOUS MONKEY. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60569.

  THE JEALOUS OLD MAID; or, NO ONE TO LOVE HER. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 3Nov1908; H117826.

  THE JEALOUS WIFE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 17Dec1907; H103777.

  JEALOUSY! © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 1Apr1908; H108125.

  JEALOUSY AND THE MAN. © Biograph Co.; 1c 21July1909; J129609.

  JEFFREYS [i.e. JEFFRIES] AND RUHLIN SPARRING CONTEST AT SAN FRANCISCO,
    CAL., Nov. 15, 1901—FIVE ROUNDS. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Dec1901;
    H11088.

  JEFFREYS [i.e. JEFFRIES] IN HIS TRAINING QUARTERS. © Thomas A. Edison;
    2Dec1901; H10907.

  JEFFRIES AND CORBETT FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of the Jeffries and
    Corbett Fight.

  JEFFRIES AND RUHLIN FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of the Jeffries and Ruhlin
    Fight.

  JEFFRIES AND SHARKEY FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of the Jeffries and
    Sharkey Fight.

  JEFFRIES AND SHARKEY FOR CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD. SEE The Battle of
    Jeffries and Sharkey for Championship of the World.

  JEFFRIES-CORBETT CONTEST. SEE Reproduction of Jeffries-Corbett
    Contest.

  JEFFRIES-JOHNSON WORLD’S CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING CONTEST, HELD AT RENO,
    NEVADA, JULY 4, 1910. Photographed by the Vitagraph Co. of America.
    © J. & J. Co.; 1c 7Dec1910.

      Reel 1. © J148684.

      Reel 2. © J148685.

      Reel 3. © J148686.

      Reel 4. Rounds 1–4. © J148687.

      Reel 5. Rounds 5–8. © J148688.

      Reel 6. Rounds 9–12. © J148689.

      Reel 7. Rounds 13–15 & Finals. © J148971.

  JEFFRIES-SHARKEY CONTEST. Biograph Photographs. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.

      No. 1–8. © 10Nov1899; 73505–12.

      No. 9–22. © 11Nov1899; 73784–97.

      No. 23–30. © 13Nov1899; 74281–88.

      No. 31–36. © 15Nov1899; 74690–95.

  THE JEFFRIES-SHARKEY CONTEST. © James H. White; 4Nov1899; 72363.

  JEPHTHAH’S DAUGHTER; a Biblical tragedy. (Vitagraph High Art Film). ©
    The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10May1909; H126773.

  A JERSEY SKEETER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Apr1902;
    H16644.

  JERUSALEM DELIVERED. SEE The Crusaders.

  JERUSALEM’S BUSIEST STREET, SHOWING MT. ZION. © Thomas A. Edison;
    17June1903; H32794.

  JESSIE, THE STOLEN CHILD. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 29Oct1908;
    H117586.

  THE JESTER, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 6Nov1908; H117953–58.

  JESUS OF NAZARETH. © Kalem Co.

      1. © 31July1912; J171845.

      2. © 5Aug1912; J171846.

      3. © 5Aug1912; J171847.

      4. © 5Aug1912; J171848.

      5. © 5Aug1912; J171849.

      6. © 5Aug1912; J171850.

      7. © 5Aug1912; J171851.

      8. © 5Aug1912; J171844.

  THE JEWELS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 30Jan1912;
    J165932–35.

  A JEWISH DANCE AT JERUSALEM. © Thomas A. Edison; 10June1903; H32487.

  THE JILT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10May1909; H126828.

  JIM JEFFRIES ON HIS CALIFORNIA RANCH. © Miles Bros.; 8June1907;
    H94997.

  JIM THE MULE BOY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 28Mar1911;
    J153743–46.

  JIMMIE HICKS IN AUTOMOBILE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11June1903; H32500.

  JIMMIE, THE MESSENGER BOY. © S. Lubin; 17June1907; H95313.

  JIM’S ATONEMENT. © Imp Films Co.; 13May1912; J169149.

  JIM’S WIFE, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 28May1912;
    J169932–34.

  JINKS JOINS THE TEMPERANCE CLUB. © Biograph Co.; 1c 24July1911;
    J158070.

  JOCKEYING AND START OF YACHT[S] AUG. 25TH [America’s Cup Races:
    Reliance and Shamrock III]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    4Sept1903; H35392.

  JOCKEYING FOR THE START AUG. 20 [America’s Cup Races: Reliance and
    Shamrock III]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Aug1903;
    H35096.

  JOCKEYING FOR THE START AUG. 22 [America’s Cup Races: Reliance and
    Shamrock III]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Aug1903;
    H35072.

  JOE, THE EDUCATED ORANGOUTANG. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    25Aug1902; H21308.

  JOHN BROWN’S HEIR, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 6Dec1911;
    J164294–97.

  JOHN D. AND THE REPORTER. © S. Lubin; 21Aug1907; H98645.

  JOHN PAUL JONES CEREMONIES [U. S. Naval Academy]. © American Mutoscope
    & Biograph Co.; 2May1906; H76576.

  JOHN SMITH, BARBER. © Imp Films Co.; 13Apr1912; J168387.

  THE JOHNIE AND THE TELEPHONE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23Dec1903; H39904.

  JOHNNY AND THE INDIANS. © Centaur Film Co.; 21May1909; H127303.

  JOHNNY’S IN THE WELL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 20June1903;
    H32868.

  JOHN’S NEW SUIT. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 7July1908; H113159.

  A JOKE AT THE FRENCH BALL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Feb1904; H42038.

  JOKE ON GRANDMA. © Thomas A. Edison; 23Feb1901; H1401.

  A JOKE ON HIS PARENTS. SEE The Student’s Prank.

  THE JOKE ON THE JOKER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8Jan1912; J164469.

  A JOKE ON WHOM? © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Apr1902;
    H16730.

  THE JOKE THEY PLAYED ON BUMPTIOUS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    21Dec1910; J149811–14.

  THE JOLLY BILL POSTER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Jan1904;
    H40750.

  A JOLLY LAWN PARTY. © Paley & Steiner; 27Oct1904; H52171.

  THE JOLLY MONKS OF MALABAR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Jan1906; H71758.

  JONES AND HIS NEW NEIGHBORS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    26Mar1909; H124891.

  JONES AND HIS PAL IN TROUBLE. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Feb1899; 15264.

  JONES AND THE LADY BOOK AGENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10May1909; H126829.

  JONES AT THE BALL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17Dec1908;
    H120041.

  JONES ENTERTAINS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 30Dec1908;
    H120835.

  JONES’ INTERRUPTED SLEIGHRIDE. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Feb1899; 15266.

  JONES MAKES A DISCOVERY. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Mar1899; 17838.

  JONES’ RETURN FROM THE CLUB. © Thomas A. Edison.

      No. 1–2. © 20Feb1899; 14371–72.

      No. 3. © 25Feb1899; 15265.

  THE JONESES HAVE AMATEUR THEATRICALS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 13Feb1909; H122929.

  JOSH AND CINDY’S WEDDING TRIP, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    3May1911; J154968–71.

  JOSH’S SUICIDE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 16Oct1911; J161682.

  JUDGE ALTON B. PARKER & GUESTS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    4Aug1904; H48850.

  JUDGE NOT THAT YE BE NOT JUDGED. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    24Aug1909; J130879.

  JUDGE PARKER RECEIVING THE NOTIFICATION OF HIS NOMINATION FOR THE
    PRESIDENCY. © Thomas A. Edison; 15Aug1904; H49192.

  THE JUDGE’S WHISKERS AND THE MAGIC HAIR RESTORER. © The Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 17Aug1909; J130766.

  JUDGING TANDEMS. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60565.

  THE JUDGMENT OF SOLOMON. (Vitagraph high art Biblical production). ©
    The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10May1909; H126779.

  THE JUDGMENT OF THE MIGHTY DEEP, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    24June1910; J143129–32.

  JULIUS CAESAR. © S. Lubin; 16Mar1908; H107541.

  JULIUS CAESAR; an historical tragedy. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    20Nov1908; H118652.

  JUMBO, HORSELESS FIRE-ENGINE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    26Apr1902; H17042.

  JUNE’S BIRTHDAY PARTY. © Thomas A. Edison; 17July1905; H63406.

  JUPITER’S THUNDER-BOLTS. © Geo. Méliès; 22Oct1903; H37245.

  JUST BEFORE THE RAID. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Jan1904;
    H40810.

  JUST FOR HER. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 20July1911; J157602.

  JUST LIKE A GIRL. © Paley & Steiner; 27Oct1904; H52169.

  JUST LIKE A WOMAN. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20Apr1912; J168396.

  JUST LIKE THE GAYTONS. SEE Friday the 13th.

  JUST MARRIED. © S. Lubin; 23July1907; H97038.

  JUST PLAIN FOLKS; the story of a simple country girl. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 13Aug1908; H114511.

  A JUST REWARD. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 20Mar1909; H124444.

  JUST THE CHEESE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904;
    H46941.

  JUSTINIAN’S HUMAN TORCHES. © Geo. Méliès; 7Feb1908; H105981.

  A JUVENILE ELEPHANT TRAINER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Nov1903; H38318.

  JUVENILE STAKES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13May1903;
    H31756.


                                   K

  KAISER WILHELM’S YACHT, “METEOR,” ENTERING THE WATER. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 1Mar1902; H14606.

  KANAKA FISHERMEN CASTING THE THROW NET, HILO, H. I. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 13Nov1906; H85061.

  KANAKAS DIVING FOR MONEY [Honolulu], no. 1–2. © Thomas A. Edison;
    22June1898; 38214–15.

  KANSAS SALOON SMASHERS. © Thomas A. Edison; 23Feb1901; H1404.

  KARINA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Oct1902; H22556.

  KATCHEM KATE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 25June1912; J170618.

  KATHLEEN MAVOURNEEN, scenes 1–12. © Thomas A. Edison; 2Aug1906;
    H81548–59.

  KATRINA’S VALENTINE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 16Feb1909; H122980.

  KATZENJAMMER KIDS AND SCHOOL MARM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 18July1903; H33542.

  THE KATZENJAMMER KIDS HAVE A LOVE AFFAIR. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 18Mar1903; H29471.

  THE KEEPER OF THE LIGHT, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 3Dec1909;
    J135755–58.

  KENILWORTH; Sir Walter Scott’s famous novel. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 26Feb1909; H123377.

  KENT HOUSE SLIDE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 1May1902;
    H17226.

  KENTUCKIAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27June1908; H112470.

  A KENTUCKY FEUD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Nov1905;
    H68323.

  THE KENTUCKY SQUIRE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Feb1904;
    H42035.

  THE KEY OF LIFE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 1Nov1910; J147331–34.

  THE KEY UNDER THE MAT. © S. Lubin; 18Sept1908; H115823.

  KICKING FOOTBALL—HARVARD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    20June1905; H62446.

  THE KID. © Biograph Co.; 1c 18Apr1910; J140598.

  THE KID AND THE SLEUTH. © Imp Films Co.; 29Jan1912; J165201.

  THE KID FROM THE KLONDYKE [i.e. KLONDIKE], scenes 1–4. © Thomas A.
    Edison, Inc.; 28Oct1911; J162457–60.

  KID MCCOY AND PETER MAHER FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of the Kid McCoy and
    Peter Maher Fight.

  THE KIDNAPPED CHILD. © S. Lubin; 19Nov1904; H53415.

  THE KIDNAPPER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Aug1903.

      At work. H34095.

      In the den. H34096.

      The rescue. H34097.

  THE KIKI DANCE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23793.

  THE KIND-HEARTED BOOTBLACK; or, GENEROSITY REWARDED. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 11Aug1908; H114474.

  KINDERGARTEN BALL GAME. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2May1904;
    H45156.

  KINDERGARTEN DANCE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2May1904;
    H45155.

  KINEMATOGRAPHIC X-RAY PICTURE OF A HUMAN STOMACH DURING DIGESTION,
    TAKEN DURING ONE INSPIRATION. © Polyphos Elektrizitäts Gesellschaft,
    m.b.H. 1c 1Feb1910; J137897.

  KING AND QUEEN, DIVING HORSES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Apr1902; H16382.

  THE KING AND THE JESTER. © George Méliès; 15Jan1908; H105104.

  KING COTTON, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 12Apr1910; J140538–40.

  KING EDWARD AND PRESIDENT LOUBET REVIEWING FRENCH TROOPS. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 4June1903; H32396.

  KING EDWARD’S VISIT TO PARIS. © Thomas A. Edison; 4June1903; H32395.

  KING LEAR. SEE Shakespeare’s Tragedy, King Lear.

  THE KING OF DETECTIVES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Nov1902; H23781.

  THE KING OF SHARPSHOOTERS. © Geo. Méliès; 18Feb1905; H56752.

  THE KING OF THE CANNIBAL ISLAND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Apr1908; H109315.

  KING OF THE DETECTIVES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13Aug1903; H34526.

  KING, THE DETECTIVE. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 2Nov1911;
    J162089.

  THE KINGDOM OF THE FAIRIES. SEE The Fairyland.

  THE KING’S DIAMOND. © S. Lubin; 21July1908; H113737.

  THE KING’S MESSENGER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Apr1908;
    H109927.

  THE KING’S PARDON, 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28Nov1908; H118950–55.

  THE KING’S POWER, no. 1–2. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 7Dec1911; J163444–45.

  THE KISS. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Mar1900; D5532.

  A KISS AND A TUMBLE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Sept1904;
    H50323.

  A KISS IN THE DARK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Jan1904;
    H40866.

  KISS ME. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Feb1904; H42803.

  KISSES SWEET. © Winthrop Press; 22May1906; H78021.

  KIT CARSON. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.

      1. © 21Sept1903; H35886.

      2. © 21Sept1903; H35888.

      3. © 21Sept1903; H35885.

      4. © 21Sept1903; H35887.

      5. © 21Sept1903; H35872.

      7. © 21Sept1903; H35873.

      8. © 21Sept1903; H35883.

      9. © 21Sept1903; H35884.

      10. © 9Oct1903; H36653.

      11. © 21Sept1903; H35876.

  THE KITCHEN MAID’S DREAM. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 16Oct1907;
    H101175.

  KITTY’S HOLD UP, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 15June1912;
    J170307–10.

  THE KLEPTOMANIAC. © Thomas A. Edison; 4Feb1905.

      Arriving at police station. H56408.

      Court room scene. H56409.

      Tableau. H56410.

      Home of thief. H56411.

      Stealing bread. H56412.

      Leaving store. H56413.

      Superintendent’s office. H56414.

      Interior of department store. H56415.

      Arriving at store. H56416.

      Leaving home. H56417.

      Arriving at police station in patrol wagon. H56418.

  THE KLEPTOMANIAC. SEE The Cleptomaniac.

  A KNIGHT FOR A NIGHT, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24Sept1909;
    J132305–07.

  THE KNIGHT OF BLACK ART. © Geo. Méliès; 4Jan1908; H104847.

  A KNIGHT OF THE ROAD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 21Apr1911; J154608.

  A KNOT IN THE PLOT. © Biograph Co.; 1c 28May1910; J141733.

  KOHN’S BAD LUCK. © S. Lubin; 10Aug1907; H97966.

  “KRONPRINZ WILHELM” DOCKING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12June1902; H18898.

  “KRONPRINZ WILHELM” WITH PRINCE HENRY [OF PRUSSIA] ON BOARD ARRIVING
    IN NEW YORK. © Thomas A. Edison; 26Feb1902; H14496.


                                   L

  LADDIE, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 5Oct1909; J132805–09.

  LADIES’ SADDLE HORSES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Mar1903;
    H29157.

  LADIES’ SADDLE HORSES. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60567.

  THE LADY AND THE BURGLAR, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 9Aug1910;
    J145127–30.

  LADY AUDLEY’S SECRET. © Imp Films Co.; 16May1912; J169341.

  LADY BARBERS. © S. Lubin; 9Nov1908; H118064.

  LADY BOUNTIFUL VISITS THE MURPHYS ON WASH DAY. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 4Sept1903; H35395.

  LADY HELEN’S ESCAPADE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Apr1909;
    H125727.

  LADY JANE’S FLIGHT; a 17th century romance. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 15July1908; H113390.

  LADY MARY’S LOVE, no. 1–2. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 9Nov1911; J162644–45.

  THE LADY OR THE TIGER, scenes 1–8. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 25Nov1908;
    H118884–91.

  LAKE LUCERNE, SWITZERLAND. © Thomas A. Edison; 17June1903; H32793.

  THE LAMP EXPLODES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Sept1902;
    H21498.

  THE LAND OF DARKNESS; or, THE GREAT MINE DISASTER. © Eclair Film Co.;
    1c 3May1912; J168890.

  THE LAND OF PROMISE. © Imp Films Co.; 9May1912; J169036.

  LANDING OF U. S. TROOPS NEAR SANTIAGO [Spanish-American War]. ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 31Dec1902; H25968.

  LANDING WHARF AT CANTON. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38234.

  THE LANDLADY’S PORTRAIT, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 20Feb1909;
    H123198–201.

  LA LANTERNE MAGIQUE. © Geo. Méliès; 9Dec1903; H39154.

  A LARGE HAUL OF FISH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Jan1903;
    H26949.

  LARKS BEHIND THE SCENE. © Thomas A. Edison; 17Feb1899; 13535.

  THE LASSIE’S BIRTHDAY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 8Nov1910;
    J147697–700.

  LASSOING STEER. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13567.

  THE LAST CARTRIDGE; an incident of the Sepoy rebellion in India. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 17Dec1907; H103776.

  THE LAST CALL. © S. Lubin; 16Sept1908; H115775.

  THE LAST DEAL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 29Jan1910; J137856.

  THE LAST DROP OF WATER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 29July1911; J158241.

  THE LAST LESSON, parts 1–2. © Sociétá Anonima Ambrosio; 1c 11Apr1912;
    J168056–57.

  THE LAST OF THE FRONTIGNACS, parts 1–3. © Sociétá Anonima Ambrosio; 1c
    11Apr1912; J168053–55.

  THE LAST OF THE G. A. R. PARADE AT ROCHESTER. © Independent Moving
    Picture Co.; 9Oct1911; J161096.

      On same reel with The Sentinel Asleep.

  THE LAST RESOURCE. © New York Motion Picture Co.; 26July1912; J171701.

  THE LAST ROUND ENDED IN A FREE FIGHT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 22Jan1903; H27384.

  LAS VIGAS [i.e. LA VIGA] CANAL, MEXICO. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Apr1902;
    H16656.

  LAS VIGAS [i.e. LA VIGA] CANAL, MEXICO CITY. © Thomas A. Edison;
    24Feb1898; 13554.

  THE LATE SENATOR MARK HANNA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    20Feb1904; H42495.

  LATHROP SCHOOL, CALISTHENICS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2May1904; H45152.

  LATINA, CONTORTIONIST. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21Nov1905;
    H68883.

  LATINA, DISLOCATION ACT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    21Nov1905; H68886.

  LATINA, PHYSICAL CULTURE POSES, no. 1–2. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 21Nov1905; H68884–85.

  LAUGHING BEN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Apr1902; H16727.

  LAUGHING GAS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 2Nov1907; H101950.

  LAUGHING GAS, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 6Dec1907; H103382–87.

  LAUNCH OF JAPANESE MAN-OF-WAR “CHITOSA.” © Thomas A. Edison;
    10Mar1898; 16427.

  LAUNCH OF LIFE BOAT. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60570.

  LAUNCH OF BATTLESHIP “CONNECTICUT.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 4Oct1904; H51257.

  LAUNCH OF SURF BOAT. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60575.

  LAUNCH, U. S. BATTLESHIP “KENTUCKY.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 18June1903; H32833.

  LAUNCHING, no. 2. © Thomas A. Edison; 10Mar1898; 16435.

  LAUNCHING A STRANDED SCHOONER FROM THE DOCKS [Galveston, Texas,
    Hurricane and Tidal Wave]. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Sept1900; D18562.

  LAUNCHING OF THE BATTLESHIP “RIVADAVIA,” scenes 1–4. © Thomas A.
    Edison, Inc.; 18Oct1911; J161653–56.

  LAUNCHING U. S. S. “ILLINOIS.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    26Feb1903; H28676.

  LAURA COMSTOCK’S BAG-PUNCHING DOG. © Thomas A. Edison; 6May1901;
    H4086.

  LAWN PARTY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Sept1902; H21505.

  LAZY BILL HUDSON, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 18Sept1912;
    J176511–14.

  LAZY FARMER BROWN, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 22July1910;
    J143679–82.

  LEAD KINDLY LIGHT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 12Jan1912;
    J165007–10.

  THE LEADING MAN. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3May1912; J168888.

  LEAH, THE FORSAKEN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 29Sept1908;
    H116321.

  LEANDER SISTERS. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60561.

  A LEAP FOR LOVE. © Imp Films Co.; 13Apr1912; J168433.

  LEAP YEAR PROPOSALS OF AN OLD MAID. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    20June1908; H112125.

  LEAPING DOGS AT GENTRY’S CIRCUS. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Dec1901;
    H11489.

  LEATHER STOCKING. © Biograph Co.; 1c 29Sept1909; J132315.

  LEAVES OF A ROMANCE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 7Oct1911;
    J160720–23.

  LED ASTRAY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 6July1909; J129520.

  LED ASTRAY. SEE East Lynne.

  LEFT OUT, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 26Feb1909; H123398–402.

  A LEGAL HOLD-UP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Apr1902;
    H16346.

  THE LEGEND OF STERLING KEEP, scenes 1–7. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7June1909;
    H128131–37.

  LEHIGH VALLEY BLACK DIAMOND EXPRESS. © Thomas A. Edison; 23May1903;
    H32241.

  LENA AND THE GEESE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 25June1912; J170619.

  THE LEOPARD QUEEN. © The Selig Polyscope Co.; 12Aug1909; J130639.

  LEO’S AIR RIFLE. © S. Lubin; 10Dec1908; H119482.

  THE LEPRECHAUN, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24Sept1908; H116119–24.

  THE LESSER EVIL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 27Apr1912; J168738.

  THE LESSON. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22Dec1910; J149318.

  A LESSON LEARNED, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 7June1911;
    J158530–33.

  LESSONS TO HUSBANDS. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 30Dec1911;
    J163923.

      On same reel with Broke; or, How Timothy Escaped.

  LET NO MAN PUT ASUNDER. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 13June1912;
    J170220.

  LET THE GOLD DUST TWINS DO YOUR WORK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 4May1903; H32761.

  LET UNCLE RUBEN SHOW YOU HOW. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Feb1904; H41999.

  LET WILLIE DO IT. © Imp Films Co.; 11May1912; J169148.

  LEVI & COHEN, THE IRISH COMEDIANS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 8July1903; H33281.

  LEVITSKY’S INSURANCE POLICY; or, WHEN THIEF MEETS THIEF. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 15July1908; H113388.

  LI HUNG CHANG AND SUITE: PRESENTATION OF PARLOR MUTOSCOPE. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Apr1902; H16924.

  LI HUNG CHANG AT GRANT’S TOMB [New York City]. © American Mutoscope
    Co.; 19Dec1896; 69092.

  LI HUNG CHANG DRIVING THROUGH 4TH ST. AND BROADWAY [New York City]. ©
    American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896; 68815.

  LI HUNG CHANG, 5TH AVENUE & 55TH STREET, N. Y. © American Mutoscope
    Co.; 7Jan1897; 3543.

  LIBERTY FOR AN HOUR; or, AN ACT OF UNSELFISHNESS. © The Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 17Aug1909; J130765.

  THE LIBRARIAN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 9Aug1912;
    J172445–48.

  LICENSE NO. 13; or, THE HOODOO AUTOMOBILE. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 30Aug1905; H65000.

  LICK OBSERVATORY, MT. HAMILTON, CAL. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897;
    60585.

  THE LIE. © Imp Films Co.; 22Feb1912; J166596.

  THE LIE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 26Oct1909; J133993–96.

  THE LIEUTENANT’S LAST FIGHT, parts 1–2. © New York Motion Picture Co.;
    1June1912; J170002.

  THE LIFE DRAMA OF NAPOLEON BONAPARTE AND EMPRESS JOSEPHINE OF FRANCE.
    © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 27Mar1909; H124898.

  A LIFE FOR A LIFE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 17June1909; H128498.

  LIFE IN THE U. S. ARMY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    21Nov1911; J164358–61.

  LIFE MOTION PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE FITZSIMMONS AND RUHLIN FIGHT. ©
    Siegmund Lubin; 10Aug1900; D16398.

  LIFE OF A COWBOY, scenes 1–12. © Thomas A. Edison; 6June1906;
    H79002–13.

  THE LIFE OF A PICKPOCKET. SEE The Modern Oliver Twist.

  THE LIFE OF A SALMON, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7Dec1910;
    J148704–07.

  LIFE OF AN AMERICAN FIREMAN. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Jan1903; H27362.

  LIFE OF AN AMERICAN POLICEMAN, scenes 1–18. © Thomas A. Edison;
    6Dec1905; H69527–44.

  LIFE OF AN AMERICAN SOLDIER. © S. Lubin; 24Aug1904; H49402.

  THE LIFE OF AN OYSTER. © S. Lubin; 1Apr1907; H92184.

  THE LIFE OF BUFFALO BILL, 3 parts. © Buffalo Bill & Pawnee Bill Film
    Co.; 1c 8June1912; J170003–05.

  LIFE OF THE NEW YORK POLICEMAN. © Paley & Steiner; 10Mar1905; H57412.

  LIFE RESCUE AT LONG BRANCH. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Sept1901; H8692.

  LIFE SAVING UP-TO-DATE. © Geo. Méliès; 12Oct1905; H67284.

  LIFE’S A GAME OF CARDS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 6Aug1908;
    H114343–46.

  LIFTING THE LID. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12July1905;
    H63696.

  THE LIGHT AT THE WINDOW. © S. Lubin; 6July1908; H112821.

  LIGHT HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP CONTEST BETWEEN ROOT AND GARDNER. ©
    William N. Selig; 11July1903; H33396.

  THE LIGHT THAT CAME. © Biograph Co.; 1c 13Nov1909; J134658.

  THE LIGHT THAT DIDN’T FAIL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9Dec1902; H24882.

  THE LIGHTHOUSE BY THE SEA, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    15Sept1911; J160008–11.

  THE LIGHTHOUSE KEEPER’S DAUGHTER. © S. Lubin; 3Oct1908; H116476.

  THE LIGHTHOUSE KEEPER’S DAUGHTER, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 26Mar1912; J167613–15.

  LIGHTNING SKETCHES. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 15July1907;
    H96559.

  THE LILLIPUTIAN MINUET. © Geo. Méliès; 21Mar1905; H58075.

  THE LILY OF THE TENEMENTS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 1Mar1911; J152683.

  LILY’S LOVERS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Feb1912; J165554.

  LINE-UP AND TEASING THE SNAKES [Walpapi Indians; Snake Dance]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 12Dec1901; H11271.

  THE LINEMAN. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 27July1911; J157886.

  THE LINEN DRAPER’S SHOP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Sept1904; H50325.

  LINES OF WHITE ON A SULLEN SEA. © Biograph Co.; 1c 27Oct1909; J133854.

  THE LINK THAT HELD, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 13Jan1911;
    J151309–12.

  LINWOOD SCHOOL, CALISTHENICS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2May1904; H45153.

  LION HUNT. © Charles J. Jones; 15Jan1906; H71992.

  LIQUID ELECTRICITY; or, THE INVENTOR’S GALVANIC FLUID. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 30Aug1907; H98946.

  LITTLE ANGELS OF LUCK. © Biograph Co.; 1c 9Sept1910; J145184.

  THE LITTLE ARTIST OF THE MARKET, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    20July1912; J171541–43.

  A LITTLE BIT OFF THE TOP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Jan1904; H40819.

  THE LITTLE BREAD WINNERS. © S. Lubin; 25Aug1908; H115092.

  THE LITTLE BRIDE OF HEAVEN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    25June1912; J170766–69.

  THE LITTLE COWARD. © S. Lubin; 17Oct1908; H117118.

  THE LITTLE COXSWAIN OF THE VARSITY EIGHT, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg.
    Co.; 15July1908; H113422–25.

  THE LITTLE DARLING. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Sept1909; J131223.

  THE LITTLE DELICATESSEN STORE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    17Feb1912; J166527–30.

  THE LITTLE DETECTIVE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 3Aug1908;
    H114180.

  THE LITTLE EASTER FAIRY. © S. Lubin; 25Mar1908; H107907.

  THE LITTLE FATHER; or, THE DRESSMAKER’S LOYAL SON. © The Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 14Sept1909; J131849.

  THE LITTLE FIDDLER, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28June1910;
    J143124–28.

  LITTLE GERMAN BAND. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Feb1904; H42205.

  THE LITTLE GIRL NEXT DOOR, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    24Sept1912; J176542–45.

  A LITTLE GIRL WHO DID NOT BELIEVE IN SANTA CLAUS, scenes 1–7. © Edison
    Mfg. Co.; 16Dec1907; H103762–68.

  A LITTLE HERO. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 2Nov1907; H101949.

  LITTLE JOE’S LUCK. SEE A Mid-Winter Night’s Dream.

  THE LITTLE LEADER. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 29June1911;
    J157220.

  LITTLE LILLIAN, DANSEUSE. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Aug1903; H34329.

  A LITTLE MAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902; H23776.

  LITTLE MISS MOFFIT AND SIMIAN STONE, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    21May1909; H127345–47.

  LITTLE MISS MUFFET. © Siegmund Lubin; 2May1903; H31330.

  A LITTLE MIX-UP IN A MIXED ALE JOINT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 11Nov1902; H23780.

  THE LITTLE ORGANIST, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 19Jan1912;
    J165035–38.

  THE LITTLE ORPHAN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 27July1909;
    J129811.

  THE LITTLE PEACEMAKER. © Geo. Méliès; 2June1908; H111270.

  A LITTLE PIECE OF STRING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Apr1902; H16387.

  THE LITTLE RAG DOLL. © S. Lubin; 10Dec1908; H119478.

  THE LITTLE RAILROAD QUEEN, parts 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 25Apr1912;
    J168598–600.

  A LITTLE RAY OF SUNSHINE AFTER THE RAIN. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 12Apr1902; H16384.

  THE LITTLE SHEPHERD OF TUMBLING RUN, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    26Apr1909; H126195–96.

  LITTLE SISTER, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 14Sept1909; J131808–10.

  LITTLE SNOWDROP. © Siegmund Lubin; 2May1903; H31332.

  THE LITTLE STATION AGENT, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 4Nov1910;
    J147689–92.

  THE LITTLE STOCKING. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 14Dec1911;
    J163498.

  THE LITTLE TEACHER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 7Oct1909; J132812.

  A LITTLE TEAZE [i.e. TEASE]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    28Aug1903; H35098.

  LITTLE TOM THUMB. © Siegmund Lubin; 28Apr1903; H31236.

  THE LITTLE TRAIN ROBBERY. © Thomas A. Edison; 1Sept1905; H65086.

  THE LITTLE WAIFS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Nov1910; J147286.

  THE LITTLE WOOLEN SHOE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    23Apr1912; J168808–11.

  LIVELY BRUSHES ON SPEEDWAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    H33286.

  LIVELY PRANKS WITH A FAKE PYTHON. © Geo. Méliès; 16May1908; H110581.

  THE LIVING DOLL. © Geo. Méliès; 22Dec1909; J135017.

  THE LIVING PEACH, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 15Nov1911;
    J162511–14.

  LIVING PICTURES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13June1903;
    H32628.

  THE LIVING PLAYING CARDS. © Geo. Méliès; 16Feb1905; H56753.

  THE LIVING STATUE. SEE The Drawing Lesson.

  THE LIVINGSTON CASE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 8Feb1910;
    J138167–70.

  THE LLAMAS AT PLAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2Nov1903;
    H37496.

  THE LOADED CIGAR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Mar1904;
    H43561.

  LOADING A VESSEL AT CHARLESTON [S. C.]. © Thomas A. Edison; 18Apr1902;
    H16719.

  LOADING BAGGAGE FOR KLONDIKE [Alaska Gold Rush], no. 6. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 25Oct1897; 60553.

  LOADING HORSES ON TRANSPORT [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 22June1898; 38241.

  LOADING MAIL CAR, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Aug1903; H34993.

  LOADING SUGAR CANE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Sept1902;
    H21496.

  LOADING SUGAR, KAHULUI, MAUI, H. I. © Thomas A. Edison; 13Nov1906;
    H85063.

  LOADING THE ICE ON CARS, CONVEYING IT ACROSS THE MOUNTAINS AND LOADING
    IT INTO BOATS [Groton Ice Fields]. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1902;
    H14435.

  THE LOAN SHARK. © Imp Films Co.; 25Apr1912; J168683.

  LOCHINVAR, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 6Aug1909; J130503–06.

  A LODGING FOR THE NIGHT. © Biograph Co.; 1c 13May1912; J169195.

  LOGAN’S BABIES, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 8Nov1911;
    J162519–22.

  LOGGING IN MAINE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19June1906;
    H79740.

  THE LONE HIGHWAYMAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 31Aug1906;
    H82501.

  THE LONEDALE OPERATOR. © Biograph Co.; 1c 25Mar1911; J153512.

  LONELY GENTLEMAN; or, INCOMPATIBILITY OF TEMPER. © The Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 22Aug1908; H114987.

  LONELY VILLA. © Biograph Co.; 10June1909; H128182.

  LONESOME JUNCTION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 20Jan1908;
    H105288.

  LONESOME MISS WIGGS. © Imp Films Co.; 20Apr1912; J168480.

  LONG DISTANCE WIRELESS PHOTOGRAPHY. © Geo. Méliès; 24Mar1908; H107866.

  THE LONG ROAD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 30Oct1911; J162358.

  LOOKING FOR JOHN SMITH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    31July1906; H81472.

  THE LORD AND THE PEASANT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    2Aug1912; J171956–59.

  LORD FEATHERTOP, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 2Dec1908; H121264–68.

  LOST AND REGAINED, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 25Feb1910;
    J138689–91.

  THE LOST CHILD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15Oct1904;
    H51655.

  THE LOST CHILD. © S. Lubin; 5Nov1904; H52509.

  THE LOST COLLAR BUTTON; or, A STRENUOUS SEARCH. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 19Mar1906; H74652.

  THE LOST HANDBAG, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 22Oct1909;
    J133989–92.

  THE LOST HAT: HE GOT IT ALRIGHT. © S. Lubin; 26Oct1906; H84212.

  THE LOST HEIR. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 26Apr1909; H126162.

  LOST IN A FOLDING BED. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10Feb1909;
    H122796.

  LOST IN AN ARIZONA DESERT. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 1July1907;
    H95885.

  LOST IN THE ALPS, scenes 1–11. © Thomas A. Edison; 20Apr1907;
    H92871–81.

  THE LOST INVITATION, scenes 1–7. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24June1909;
    H128766–72.

  THE LOST KITTEN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 24Feb1912;
    J167043–46.

  THE LOST NEW YEAR’S DINNER, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28Dec1908;
    H120455–59.

  THE LOST SHEEP. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10Apr1909; H125545.

  LOST, STRAYED OR STOLEN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 23Dec1907;
    H104012.

  LOST—THREE HOURS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 5Mar1912;
    J167212–15.

  LOVE AMONG THE ROSES. © Biograph Co.; 1c 12May1910; J141266.

  LOVE AND FRIENDSHIP, parts 1–2. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 24Apr1912;
    J168564–65.

  LOVE AND HATRED, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 4Nov1911;
    J162473–76.

  LOVE AND JEALOUSY BEHIND THE SCENES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 8Jan1904; H40720.

  LOVE AND MARRIAGE IN POSTERLAND, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    6May1910; J141601–04.

  LOVE AND MOLASSES. © Geo. Méliès; 7July1908; H113160.

  LOVE AND THE LAW, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 23Aug1910;
    J145139–42.

  LOVE AND THE STOCK MARKET, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    7Mar1911; J153242–45.

  LOVE AND WAR. © James H. White; 28Nov1899; 77713.

  LOVE AND WAR, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24Sept1909; J132301–04.

  LOVE AT 55. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18July1903; H33543.

  LOVE BY THE LIGHT OF THE MOON. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Mar1901; H2341.

  LOVE DROPS, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 11Mar1910; J139178–80.

  LOVE FINDS A WAY. © American Mutoscope and Biograph Co.; 12Jan1909;
    H121529.

  LOVE GERMS. © S. Lubin; 9Nov1908; H118065.

  LOVE IN A HAMMOCK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11May1903;
    H31671.

  LOVE IN A HAMMOCK. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Jan1901; H375.

  LOVE IN A TEPEE. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 21Aug1911; J159003.

      On same reel with The Battle of the Wills.

  LOVE IN QUARANTINE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 21Nov1910; J147937.

  LOVE IN THE CORNFIELD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Apr1902;
    H16342.

  LOVE IN THE DARK © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Jan1903;
    H26948.

  LOVE IN THE HILLS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 31Oct1911; J162396.

  LOVE IN THE SUBURBS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Jan1903;
    H27381.

  LOVE IN THE TROPICS, parts 1–2. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 23Apr1912;
    J168482–83.

  LOVE IS BEST. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 26June1911; J157221.

  LOVE IS BLIND, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 11Mar1909; H123887–89.

  LOVE LAUGHS AT LOCKSMITHS; an 18th century romance. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 27July1908; H113910.

  LOVE ME, LOVE MY DOG. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Aug1903;
    H35093.

  LOVE ME, LOVE MY DOG. © S. Lubin; 22Dec1908; H120171.

  LOVE MICROBE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21Oct1907; H101443.

  THE LOVE OF LADY IRMA. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22Mar1910; J139353.

  THE LOVE OF THE PASHA’S SON; a Turkish romance. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 11Jan1909; H121463.

  A LOVE TRAGEDY IN SPAIN. © Geo. Méliès; 2June1908; H111271.

  LOVE VS. TITLE; or, AN UP-TO-DATE ELOPEMENT. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 19May1906; H77722.

  LOVE WILL FIND A WAY, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 25June1908;
    H112374–78.

  LOVE WINS. © Centaur Film Company; 19June1909; H128546.

  THE LOVER AND THE COUNT, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 25Jan1911;
    J151475–78.

  THE LOVERS, COAL BOX, AND FIREPLACE. © Thomas A. Edison; 4Oct1901;
    H9309.

  THE LOVER’S GUIDE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 1Oct1908;
    H116388–91.

  A LOVER’S HAZING. © Geo. Méliès; 20Apr1908; H109550.

  THE LOVER’S KNOT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Sept1902;
    H22085.

  THE LOVERS’ QUARREL: MEETING IN THE PARK. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 16Dec1904; H54337.

  THE LOVER’S RUSE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Nov1904;
    H53765.

  A LOVER’S RUSE; or, THE MISER’S DAUGHTER. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 16May1908; H110579.

  A LOVER’S STRATAGEMS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 14Nov1908;
    H118282.

  THE LOVERS’ TELEGRAPHIC CODE, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    13Nov1908; H118262–66.

  A LOVER’S YARN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Apr1902;
    H16651.

  LOVE’S DIARY. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 27July1912; J171842.

  LOVE’S PERFIDY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15July1905;
    H63376.

  LOVE’S SACRIFICE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 30July1909;
    J130495–98.

  LOVE’S SWEET MELODY. © S. Lubin; 14Nov1908; H118285.

  LOVE’S YOUNG DREAM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23773.

  LOWER BROADWAY [New York City]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13June1903; H32629.

  LOWER FALLS, GRAND CANYON, YELLOWSTONE PARK. © Thomas A. Edison;
    4Jan1899; 2469.

  LOWER RAPIDS, NIAGARA FALLS. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3547.

  LUBIN’S ANIMATED DROP-CURTAIN ANNOUNCING SLIDES. © S. Lubin; 1May1901;
    H3825.

  THE LUCK OF ROARING CAMP, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 21Jan1910;
    J137662–65.

  LUCKY DOG, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 3Feb1912; J165920–23.

  THE LUCKY HORSESHOE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 12Sept1911; J159945.

  A LUCKY HORSESHOE. © S. Lubin; 22Jan1908; H105387.

  LUCKY JIM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Apr1909; H125728.

  LUCKY JIM. © S. Lubin; 20Sept1907; H99881.

  LUCKY KITTEN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13Aug1903; H34517.

  A LUCKY TOOTHACHE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 14Oct1910; J146453.

  THE LUCKY WISHBONE. © Paley & Steiner; 12July1905; H63158.

  LUDLOW’S AERODROME. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 1Sept1905;
    H65080.

  LUDLOW’S AEROPLANE, no. 2. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    1Nov1905; H68148.

  LUDWIG FROM GERMANY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 14Nov1911;
    J162507–10.

  LUKENS, NOVEL GYMNAST. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Sept1901; H8691.

  LUNATICS IN POWER, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 6May1909;
    H126684–86.

  LUNCH TIME. © S. Lubin; 18Sept1908; H115824.

  THE LURE OF THE CITY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 28Nov1911;
    J164500–03.

  LURE OF THE GOWN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Mar1909;
    H123872.

  THE LURE OF THE PICTURE. © Imp Films Co.; 29Apr1912; J168741.

  LURLINE BATHS. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60578.


                                   M

  MACBETH. SEE Duel Scene from Macbeth.

  MACBETH, SHAKESPEARE’S SUBLIME TRAGEDY. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 2Apr1908; H108162.

  MCGINTY’S SUDDEN RISE, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 20July1909;
    J129798–99.

  MCGOVERN AND DIXON FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of the McGovern and Dixon
    Fight.

  MACHETE MEN CLEARING A JUNGLE [Panama Canal]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    12Apr1907; H92573.

  MCKINLEY AND CLEVELAND GOING TO THE CAPITOL [McKinley Inauguration]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 15Mar1897; 17410.

  MCKINLEY AND PARTY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Jan1903;
    H27386.

  MCKINLEY AT HOME, CANTON, OHIO. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897;
    3558.

  MCKINLEY FUNERAL ON WAY TO CHURCH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co;
    22Jan1903; H27388.

  MCKINLEY FUNERAL: PANORAMA OF MCKINLEY HOME. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902; H23805.

  MCKINLEY LEAVING CHURCH [McKinley Inauguration]. © Thos. A. Edison;
    21Apr1897; 24886.

  MCKINLEY TAKING THE OATH [McKinley Inauguration]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    15Mar1897; 17404.

  MCKINLEY’S ADDRESS [McKinley Inauguration]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    8May1897; 28523.

  MCKINLEY’S FUNERAL ENTERING WESTLAWN CEMETERY, CANTON [OHIO]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 26Sept1901; H9084.

  MAD DOG. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Feb1909; H122577.

  MADAME DE MODE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 13July1912;
    J171194–97.

  MADAME FLIRT’S MANICURE PARLOR. © S. Lubin; 17Oct1908; H117117.

  MADAME REX. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20Apr1911; J154546.

  MME. SANS-GENE. With Mme. Rejane. © French-American Film Co.; 1c
    24Feb1912, J166637.

  MADELINE’S REBELLION, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 24May1911;
    J156359–62.

  MADISON SQUARE, NEW YORK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    8July1903; H33285.

  THE MADMAN. SEE Insanity.

  MAE’S SUITORS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 11Oct1911;
    J161657–60.

  THE MAESTRO DO-MI-SOL-DO. © Geo. Méliès; 27Mar1906; H75004.

  THE MAGIC FOUNTAIN PEN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 17July1909;
    J129602.

  THE MAGIC LANTERN. © George Méliès; 9Dec1903; H39153.

  THE MAGIC OF CATCHY SONGS. © Geo. Méliès; 21July1908; H113733.

  THE MAGICIAN. © Thomas A. Edison; 28Feb1900; D4733.

  THE MAGNETIC EYE. © S. Lubin; 28Jan1908; H105597.

  MAGNETIC VAPOR. © S. Lubin; 28May1908; H111138.

  THE MAIDEN OF THE PIEFACED INDIANS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison.
    Inc.; 30Sept1911; J160337–40.

  THE MAID’S STRATAGEM. © Imp Films Co.; 25May1912; J169558.

  MAILING PLATFORM, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Aug1903; H34969.

  MAJOR GENERAL SHAFTER [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    5Aug1898; 46694.

  MAKE YOURSELF AT HOME. © S. Lubin; 25Sept1908; H116153.

  MAKING AN IMPRESSION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Jan1903;
    H27376.

  MAKING MOVING PICTURES. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 2Dec1908;
    H119041.

  THE MAKING OF A MAN. © Biograph Co.; 1c 7Oct1911; J161219.

  THE MAKING OF A MODERN NEWSPAPER. © S. Lubin; 26Sept1907; H100278.

  THE MAKING OF HONEY, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 10Sept1909;
    J131584–86.

  MAKING SOAP BUBBLES. © Thomas A. Edison; 24May1897; 31240–41.

  MAKING THE DIRT FLY [Panama Canal]. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Apr1907.

      Scene 1. Steam Shovel In Operation, Culebra Cut. H92577.

      Scene 2. Unloading a Dirt Train. H92578.

      Scene 3. Dirt Scraper in Operation. H92579.

      Scene 4. Railroad Track Lifter in Operation. H92580.

      Scene 5. Laborers Lining Up at Mess Tent. H92581.

  MAKING U. S. CURRENCY. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 22June1912; J170427.

  MAMMA’S ANGEL CHILD. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Mar1909; H123652.

  THE MAN. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22Mar1910; J139354.

  THE MAN AND THE WOMAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Aug1908;
    H114339.

  A MAN FOR ALL THAT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 2Dec1911;
    J164342–45.

  THE MAN FROM THE WEST. © Imp Films Co.; 18Mar1912; J167279.

  MAN, HAT AND COCKTAIL; a new drink, but an old joke. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 7Aug1907; H97824.

  MAN IN THE BOX. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11June1908;
    H111673.

  A MAN IN THE MAKING, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 18June1912;
    J170534–37.

  MAN OVERBOARD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Jan1905; H55394.

  THE MAN UNDER THE BED, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 4Mar1910;
    J138959–60.

  MAN WANTED. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 28Dec1905; H71203.

  THE MAN WHO LEARNED, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 2Sept1910;
    J145147–50.

  THE MAN WHO MADE GOOD, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    7June1912; J170187–90.

  THE MAN WITH THE LADDER AND THE HOSE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    8Feb1906; H72937.

  THE MAN WITH THE WEAK HEART, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 22Mar1910;
    J139421–23.

  A MAN WITH THREE WIVES, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 12Nov1909;
    J134777–82.

  THE MAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY, scenes 1–7. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24June1909;
    H128773–79.

  MANEUVERING A SMALL MOTOR BOAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    1June1906; H78533.

  THE MANIAC BARBER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2July1902;
    H19658.

  MANIAC CHASE. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Oct1904; H51386.

  THE MANIAC COOK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 30Dec1908;
    H120836.

  THE MANICURE FOOLS THE HUSBAND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22May1903; H32108.

  THE MANICURE LADY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20May1911; J155661.

  MAN’S GENESIS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 23July1912; J171534.

  MAN’S LUST FOR GOLD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10July1912; J170958.

  MANUAL OF ARMS, ST. JOHN’S MILITARY ACADEMY. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 17Mar1904; H43409.

  THE MANUFACTURE OF PAPER, MAINE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    10Sept1912; J176495–98.

  THE MAPLE SUGAR INDUSTRY AT THOMPSON, PA., scenes 1–4. © Thomas A.
    Edison, Inc.; 17July1912; J176479–82.

  THE MARATHON CRAZE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 21Apr1909;
    H126014.

  THE MARATHON RACE; or, HOW TOM PAID OFF THE MORTGAGE. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 29Jan1909; H122209.

  THE MARBLE HEART; or, THE SCULPTOR’S DREAM. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 18Sept1909; J132079.

  MARCELINE, THE WORLD-RENOWNED CLOWN OF THE N. Y. HIPPODROME. © The
    Winthrop Moving Picture Co.; 26Apr1907; H93044.

  THE MARCH OF PRAYER AND ENTRANCE OF THE DANCERS [Walpapi Indians;
    Snake Dance]. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Dec1901; H11268.

  MARCHING SCENE [7th Regiment, Illinois National Guard: State Street,
    Chicago]. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13548.

  THE MARDI GRAS PARADE AT CONEY ISLAND. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    29Sept1908; H116322.

  MARIE DRESSLER, scene 1. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24Dec1909; J136755.

  MARINES FROM U. S. CRUISER “NEW YORK” [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 15Mar1897; 17409.

  MARJORIE’S DIAMOND RING, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    7Aug1912; J176487–90.

  THE MARKED TIME TABLE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 25June1910; J142590.

  MARKET SCENE, CITY OF MEXICO. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13540.

  MARKET SCENE IN OLD CAIRO, EGYPT. © Thomas A. Edison; 17June1903;
    H32795.

  MARKET SQUARE, HARRISBURG, PA. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Jan1897; 3842.

  MARKET STREET BEFORE PARADE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    4June1903; H32390.

  A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10Apr1909;
    H125541.

  MARRIED FOR MILLIONS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26Dec1906;
    H88152.

  MARRIED TROUBLES: EVERYTHING PEACEFUL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 16Dec1904; H54344.

  MARTHA. SEE Duet from Martha (Flotow).

  MARTIN CHUZZLEWIT. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 25Jan1912.

      Part 1.

      Scene 1. J166517.

      Scene 2. J166518.

      Scene 3. J166519.

      Part 2.

      Scene 1. J166525.

      Scene 2. J166526.

      Part 3.

      Scene 1. J166520.

      Scene 2. J166521.

      Scene 3. J166522.

      Scene 4. J166523.

      Scene 5. J166524.

  THE MARTYRED PRESIDENTS. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Oct1901; H9412.

  MARVELS OF HORSEMANSHIP, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    11July1911; J157549–52.

  MARY HAD A LITTLE LAMB. © Siegmund Lubin; 4May1903; H31339.

  MARY HAD A LITTLE LAMB, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    3Aug1912; J172441–44.

  MARY IN STAGE LAND, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 27Sept1912;
    J176546–49.

  MARY JANE’S LOVERS, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 9Mar1909;
    H123793–94.

  MARY’S MASQUERADE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 26Sept1911;
    J160325–28.

  THE MASHER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 14Oct1910; J146452.

  THE MASHER. © William N. Selig; 10June1907; H95003.

  MASHING THE MASHER. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10Feb1908;
    H106081.

  MASKED PROCESSION. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13571.

  THE MASQUERADE PARTY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 8Oct1907;
    H100658.

  THE MASQUERADERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17July1906;
    H80887.

  THE MASQUERADERS. © S. Lubin; 16Sept1908; H115776.

  THE “MASSACHUSETTS,” NAVAL PARADE [Spanish-American War; New York City
    Welcome to Admiral Sampson’s Fleet after Battle of Santiago Bay]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52053.

  MASS. STATE MILITIA ENCAMPMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    28July1905; H63907.

  MASTER AND PUPIL, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 28June1912;
    J170759–62.

  THE MASTER MAGICIAN ALCROFRISBAS. © George Méliès; 19Nov1903; H38293.

  THE MASTER OF THE BLACK ROCK. © S. Lubin; 4Jan1909; H121224.

  THE MATRON STAKES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2July1902;
    H19655.

  MAUDE’S NAUGHTY LITTLE BROTHER. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Nov1900; D21660.

  MAX AND MAURICE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 10Jan1912;
    J164556–59.

  MAY AND DECEMBER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22June1910; J142449.

  MAYOR VAN WYCK AND GENERAL MILES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    26Apr1902; H17041.

  MAYPOLE DANCE. © Thomas A. Edison; 1Sept1903; H35329.

  ME AND JACK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Apr1902; H16333.

  THE MEADOWBROOK HUNT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 25Aug1902;
    H21309.

  MEADOWBROOK STEEPLECHASE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13May1903; H31758.

  MEASURE FOR MEASURE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 18May1909; H127187.

  THE MECHANICAL STATUE AND THE INGENIOUS SERVANT. © The Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 17Jan1907; H89462.

  THE MECHANICAL TOY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Jan1904;
    H40813.

  THE MEDICINE BOTTLE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26Mar1909;
    H124890.

  MEET ME AT THE FOUNTAIN. © S. Lubin; 19Nov1904; H53414.

  MEET ME AT THE STATION. © S. Lubin; 9Mar1908; H107125.

  MEET ME DOWN AT LUNA, LENA. © S. Lubin; 4Oct1905; H66872.

  MELLIN’S FOOD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Apr1904.

      1. H44655.

      2. H44657.

  MELODRAMA FROM THE BOWERY. SEE On the Stage.

  MELODRAMA OF YESTERDAY. © Imp Films Co.; 4May1912; J168953.

  THE MELOMANIAC. © George Méliès; 30June1903; H33097.

  MEMORIES OF A PIONEER. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 11June1912; J170270.

  MEMORIES OF BY-GONE DAYS. SEE The Empty Sleeve.

  MEN MUST WORK AND WOMEN MUST WEEP. SEE The Fisherman.

  MEN TAKING FISH FROM SALMON SEINE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 22Aug1903; H34987.

  THE MENDED LUTE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 7Aug1909; J130411.

  THE MENDER OF NETS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Feb1912; J166369.

  MENNETT [i.e. MENUETT] (MOZART). © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Feb1909; H122578.

  MENUETT. SEE Mennett (Mozart).

  MEPHISTO’S AFFINITY. © S. Lubin; 13June1908; H111809.

  THE MERCHANT OF VENICE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 9Dec1908;
    H119440.

  THE MERMAID. © Geo. Méliès; 18May1904; H46129.

  THE MERRY FROLICS OF SATAN. © Geo. Méliès; 29Aug1906.

      1. The Laboratory of Satan. H82392.

      2. The Devilish Kitchen. H82393.

  MERRY-GO-ROUND. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52058.

  YE MERRY SLEIGH BELLS, no. 110. © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897;
    9248.

  THE MERRY WIDOW HAT. © S. Lubin; 18Apr1908; H109518.

  THE MERRY WIDOW HAT. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 12Oct1908;
    H116860.

  THE MERRY WIDOW WALTZ CRAZE, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 29Apr1908;
    H109962–67.

  THE MERRY WIDOWER; or, THE REJUVENATION OF A FOSSIL. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 13Aug1908; H114512.

  MESMERIST AND COUNTRY COUPLE. © Thomas A. Edison; 17June1899; 40080.

  THE MESSAGE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 6July1909; J129505.

  A MESSAGE FROM THE MOON. © Biograph Co.; 1c 1Mar1912; J166795.

  THE MESSAGE OF THE VIOLIN. © Biograph Co.; 1c 26Oct1910; J147013.

  THE MESSENGER BOY AND THE BALLET GIRL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 3May1905; H60294.

  THE MESSENGER BOY’S MISTAKE. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Oct1903; H36779.

  THE METEOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 31Dec1902; H25957.

  METROPOLITAN HANDICAP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13May1903;
    H31757.

  MEXICAN BILL. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5June1909; H128028.

  MEXICAN FISHING SCENE. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13537.

  A MEXICAN LOVE STORY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 16Mar1908;
    H107529.

  MEXICAN RURALES CHARGE. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13559.

  MEXICAN SWEETHEARTS. © Biograph Co.; 24June1909; H128738.

  MEXICO STREET SCENE. © Thomas A. Edison; 15Mar1898; 17708.

  MICHAEL STROGOFF, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 1Apr1910; J140168–71.

  ’MID THE CANNON’S ROAR, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 27May1910;
    J141780–84.

  A MIDNIGHT ADVENTURE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20Nov1909; J135022.

  A MIDNIGHT CUPID. © Biograph Co.; 1c 9July1910; J143007.

  THE MIDNIGHT EXPRESS. © S. Lubin; 21July1908; H113739.

  MIDNIGHT INTRUDER. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Feb1904; H42207.

  THE MIDNIGHT MARAUDER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 16Jan1911; J150814.

  A MIDNIGHT PHANTASY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11June1903;
    H32493.

  MIDNIGHT RIDE OF PAUL REVERE, scenes 1–8. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 1Nov1907;
    H101930–37.

  THE MIDNIGHT SONS. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 17June1909; H128500.

  A MIDNIGHT SUPPER, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 11Mar1909;
    H123881–86.

  A MIDNIGHT SURPRISE. SEE The Burglar.

  MIDSUMMER-TIDE, parts 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 27Apr1912; J168688–90.

  MIDWAY OF CHARLESTON EXPOSITION [South Carolina]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    18Apr1902; H16713.

  MIDWINTER BATHING, L STREET BATH, BOSTON. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 20Mar1905; H57949.

  A MID-WINTER BRUSH. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13569.

  A MID-WINTER NIGHT’S DREAM; or, LITTLE JOE’S LUCK. © The Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 15Dec1906; H86513.

  MIDWINTER SPORTS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 27July1909; J129810.

  MIKE GOT THE SOAP IN HIS EYES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    17June1903; H32792.

  MIKE THE MISER, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 20Jan1911; J151325–28.

  MIKE’S HERO, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 18Oct1911;
    J161641–44.

  A MILE IN 56 SECONDS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 20June1903;
    H32870.

  MILES CANYON TRAMWAY. © Thomas A. Edison; 6May1901; H4090.

  MILITARY CAMP AT TAMPA, TAKEN FROM TRAIN [Spanish-American War]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 20May1898; 31446.

  MILITARY MANEUVERS, MANASSAS, VA. © Thomas A. Edison; 17Sept1904;
    H50559.

  MILITARY PARADE, FOUNDERS WEEK CELEBRATION, PHILADELPHIA. © S. Lubin;
    10Oct1908; H116791.

  MILITARY PARADE, ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION [Louisiana Purchase Exposition].
    © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Sept1904; H50482.

  MILITARY TACTICS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23June1904;
    H47466.

  THE MILKER’S MISHAP. © Thomas A. Edison; 11Feb1897; 10694.

  MILKING TIME. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902; H24884.

  THE MILL GIRL. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Mar1909; H123650.

  THE MILL GIRL; a story of factory life. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 17Sept1907; H99748.

  THE MILLER’S DAUGHTER, scenes 1–12. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1905;
    H67874–85.

  MILLIONAIRE FOR A DAY. © Imp Films Co.; 22Apr1912; J168479.

  THE MILLS OF THE GODS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 31Aug1909; J131133.

  MINE AT LAST. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10July1909; J129524.

  MINE EXPLOSION AND WHAT FOLLOWED. © S. Lubin; 1July1901; H5691.

  THE MINE ON THE YUKON, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 2Apr1912;
    J168032–35.

  THE MINER AND CAMILLE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 22Apr1910;
    J140907–10.

  THE MINER’S DAUGHTER. © S. Lubin; 6May1908; H110241.

  THE MINER’S DAUGHTER. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 14Nov1908;
    H118280.

  THE MINER’S HEART; a tragedy in the darkness. © Eclair Film Co.; 1c
    22Jan1912; J165360.

  THE MINIATURE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 18Feb1910; J138569–72.

  MINIATURE RAILWAY. © Thomas A. Edison; 18Apr1902; H16718.

  MINIATURE RAILWAY AT WILMINGTON SPRINGS, DEL. © Thomas A. Edison;
    8July1903; H33293.

  MINING OPERATIONS, PENNSYLVANIA COAL FIELDS. © Thomas A. Edison;
    23Dec1904; H54720.

  THE MINISTER’S DAUGHTER, scenes 1–8. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 8Oct1909;
    J133003–10.

  THE MINISTER’S HAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Sept1903;
    H35626.

  THE MINISTER’S WOOING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12June1903; H32562.

  MINSTREL MISHAPS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 17Oct1908;
    H117156–59.

  THE MINUTE MAN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 14July1911;
    J157545–48.

  MIRACULOUS EGGS. © S. Lubin; 7Oct1907; H100632.

  THE MISCHANCES OF A PHOTOGRAPHER. © Geo. Méliès; 29July1908; H113977.

  MISCHIEVOUS BOYS. © Paley & Steiner; 2Dec1904; H53976.

  THE MISCHIEVOUS ELF, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 21Dec1909;
    J136270–73.

  MISCHIEVOUS MONKEY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12June1903;
    H32556.

  A MISCHIEVOUS SKETCH. © George Méliès; 18Mar1907; H91554.

  MISCHIEVOUS WILLIE’S ROCKING CHAIR MOTOR. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 27Sept1902; H22091.

  A MISDIRECTED DUCKING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Mar1904;
    H43572.

  THE MIS-DIRECTED [i.e. MISS-DIRECTED] KISS. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 11Jan1904; H40756.

  THE MISER. © Geo. Méliès; 16May1908; H110583.

  THE MISER PUNISHED. SEE A Moonlight Serenade.

  THE MISER’S DAUGHTER. SEE A Lover’s Ruse.

  THE MISER’S HEART. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22Nov1911; J163115.

  THE MISER’S HOARD. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 5Dec1907; H103333.

  MISGUIDED LOVE, 1–2. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 28Nov1911; J163212–13.

  MISHAPS OF A BABY CARRIAGE. © William N. Selig; 26Oct1907; H101650.

  THE MISHAPS OF THE NEW YORK-PARIS RACE. © George Méliès; 25June1908;
    H112348.

  MISPLACED JEALOUSY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8May1911; J155077.

  THE MISPLACED SIGNS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Feb1904;
    H42241.

  THE MISS-DIRECTED KISS. SEE The Mis-Directed Kiss.

  MISS JESSIE CAMERON, CHAMPION CHILD SWORD DANCER. © Thomas A. Edison;
    11Sept1903; H35622.

  MISS JESSIE DOGHERTY, CHAMPION FEMALE HIGHLAND FLING DANCER. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 11Sept1903; H35623.

  MISS LILLIAN SHAFFER AND HER DANCING HORSE. © Thomas A. Edison;
    26Oct1904; H52145.

  MISS SHERLOCK HOLMES, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 4Dec1908;
    H119189–92.

  THE MISSIONARY AND THE MAID, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    20July1909; J129785–87.

  MISTAKEN FOR A BURGLAR. SEE Yens Yensen, the Swedish Butcher Boy.

  A MISTAKEN IDENTITY. © Geo. Méliès; 20Apr1908; H109549.

  MISTAKES WILL HAPPEN, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    14June1911; J156598–600.

  MR. BRAGG, A FUGITIVE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 4Oct1911; J161095.

  MR. BUMPTIOUS, DETECTIVE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 22Feb1911;
    J152594–97.

  MR. BUMPTIOUS ON BIRDS, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7June1910;
    J142105–07.

  MR. BUTT-IN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Feb1906; H73401.

  MR. BUTT-IN-SKY. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75809.

  MR. DAUBER & THE MYSTIFYING PICTURE. © Geo. Méliès; 4Apr1905; H58837.

  MR. EASYMARK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23Dec1903; H39908.

  MR. EDISON AT WORK IN HIS CHEMICAL LABORATORY. © Thomas A. Edison;
    5June1897; 34230.

  MR. GAY AND MRS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Dec1907;
    H104043.

  MR. HURRY-UP OF NEW YORK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    31Jan1907; H89824.

  MR. INQUISITIVE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 3May1909; H126443.

  MR. JACK CAUGHT IN THE DRESSING ROOM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 29Mar1904; H44029.

  MR. JACK ENTERTAINS IN HIS OFFICE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 29Mar1904; H44027.

  MR. JACK IN THE DRESSING ROOM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    29Mar1904; H44028.

  MR. JONES’ BURGLAR. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10Aug1909; J130484.

  MR. JONES HAS A CARD PARTY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Jan1909; H121796.

  MR. PECK GOES CALLING. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Aug1911; J158428.

  MR. PHYSICAL CULTURE’S SURPRISE PARTY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    22May1909; H127352.

  MR. PICKWICK’S PREDICAMENT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    21Aug1912; J176435–38.

  MRS. & MR. DUFF. © Geo. Méliès; 17Nov1909; J134441.

  MRS. JONES’ LOVER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 19Aug1909; J130780.

  MRS. NATION & HER HATCHET BRIGADE. © Siegmund Lubin; 23Feb1901; H1393.

  MRS. SMIFKINS WANTS WOOD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9June1904; H46947.

  A MISUNDERSTANDING. © S. Lubin; 23July1907; H97036.

  A MIX-UP IN RAIN COATS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 26Dec1911; J163910.

  A MIX-UP IN THE GALLERY. © Geo. Méliès; 21Feb1906.

      1. The Gallery; H73666.

      2. The Street; H73667.

  MIXED BABIES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10June1908;
    H111646.

  MIXED BATHING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Oct1904; H51628.

  THE MOB OUTSIDE THE TEMPLE OF MUSIC AT THE PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION
    [BUFFALO] [Site of President McKinley’s Assassination]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 11Sept1901; H8590.

  MODEL POSING BEFORE MIRROR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Feb1903; H28554.

  THE MODEL THAT DIDN’T POSE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Mar1904; H43567.

  A MODERN CINDERELLA, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 7Nov1911;
    J162515–18.

  THE MODERN DIANAS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 19Aug1911;
    J159390–93.

  THE MODERN HIGHWAYMAN. © Imp Films Co.; 19Feb1912; J166503.

  THE MODERN OLIVER TWIST; or, THE LIFE OF A PICKPOCKET. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 12Feb1906; H73191.

  THE MODERN PRODIGAL. © Biograph Co.; 30Aug1910; J144748.

  A MODERN SAPPHO. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15July1905;
    H63378.

  MODERN WEAPONS FOR FIGHTING FIRE, NEW YORK CITY, scenes 1–3. © Thomas
    A. Edison, Inc.; 26Dec1911; J164318–21.

  A MODEST YOUNG MAN, scenes 1–8. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28Jan1909;
    H122178–85.

  MOGG MEGONE; an Indian romance, adapted from the poem of John G.
    Whittier. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 28Feb1909; H123373.

  A MOHAWK’S WAY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 14Sept1910; J145352.

  MOKI SNAKE DANCE BY WOLPI [i.e. WALPAPI] INDIANS. © Thomas A. Edison;
    12Dec1901; H11269.

  THE MONEY LENDER. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 3Mar1908; H106922.

  MONEY MAD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Nov1908; H118991.

  MONEY TO BURN, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.; 2Aug1911;
    J158527–30.

  MONITOR “TERROR” [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    22Apr1898; 25563.

  MONKEY BUSINESS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 29June1905;
    H62750.

  MONKEYLAND; a jungle romance. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    9Dec1908; H119442.

  MONKEY’S FEAST. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18July1903;
    H33544.

  MONKEY’S FEAST. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896; 68811.

  MONSIEUR, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.; 4Apr1911; J153830–33.

  MONSIEUR BEAUCAIRE; the adventures of a gentleman of France. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 13Nov1905; H68501.

  M. LAVELLE, PHYSICAL CULTURE, no. 1–2. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 11Apr1905; H59311–12.

  THE MONSTER. © George Méliès; 30June1903; H33098.

  THE MONTEBANK [sic]. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Feb1909; H122579.

  MONTREAL FIRE DEPARTMENT ON RUNNERS. © Thomas A. Edison; 19Mar1901;
    H2443.

  MOONLIGHT ON LAKE MAGGIORE. © Thomas A. Edison; 18Apr1902; H16717.

  A MOONLIGHT SERENADE; or THE MISER PUNISHED. © Geo. Méliès; 15Jan1904;
    H40878.

  THE MOONSHINER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Aug1904;
    H49329.

  MOOSE HUNT IN NEW BRUNSWICK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Jan1906; H71528.

  MORE FUN WITH LIQUID ELECTRICITY. SEE Galvanic Fluid.

  MORE PRECIOUS THAN GOLD, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    30July1912; J172465–68.

  MORE THAN HIS DUTY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 4Oct1910;
    J146165–68.

  A MORNING ALARM. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Nov1896; 64784.

  A MORNING BATH. © Thomas A. Edison; 31Oct1896; 60142.

  MORNING COLORS ON U. S. CRUISER “RALEIGH” [Spanish-American War]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 28Apr1899; 29259.

  MORRO CASTLE, HAVANA HARBOR [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 21Apr1898; 25324.

  MOSES SELLS A COLLAR BUTTON. © S. Lubin; 20Sept1907; H99880.

  MOTHER AND DAUGHTERS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 31Jan1912;
    J165928–31.

  MOTHER GOOSE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 27July1909; J129788–91.

  MOTHER-IN-LAW; a domestic comedy. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    22Oct1906; H84105.

  MOTHER-IN-LAW AND THE ARTIST’S MODEL. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    22June1908; H112169.

  A MOTHER LOVE. SEE Fantine.

  MOTHER’S ANGEL CHILD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19July1905;
    H63531.

  A MOTHER’S CRIME. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 27Apr1908; H109746.

  MOTHER’S DREAM. © S. Lubin; 13June1907; H95140.

  THE MOTHS AND THE FLAME, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 5Aug1910;
    J144073–76.

  MOULIN ROUGE DANCERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23792.

  MOUNT AND DISMOUNT, GATLING GUN. © Thomas A. Edison; 18Dec1897; 71219.

  MT. PELEE IN ERUPTION AND DESTRUCTION OF ST. PIERRE [Martinique]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 31May1902; H18370.

  MT. PELEE SMOKING BEFORE ERUPTION [St. Pierre, Martinique]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 31May1902; H18369.

  MOUNT STEPHEN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21May1902; H17965.

  MOUNT TAMALPAIS R. R., no. 1–2. © Thomas A. Edison; 10Mar1898;
    16437–38.

  MOUNT TAW R. R., no. 3. © Thomas A. Edison; 15Mar1898; 17707.

  A MOUNTAIN BLIZZARD, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 15Mar1910;
    J139289–91.

  A MOUNTAIN MAID, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 13Dec1910; J149489–92.

  A MOUNTAIN ROMANCE. SEE The Orphan.

  THE MOUNTAINEER. © S. Lubin; 9Mar1908; H107122.

  THE MOUNTAINEER’S HONOR. © Biograph Co.; 1c 26Nov1909; J135135.

  THE MOUNTAINEER’S REVENGE. © S. Lubin; 16Sept1908; H115772.

  MOUNTED POLICE CHARGE. © Thomas A. Edison; 2Nov1896; 60396.

  THE MOURNERS; or, A CLEVER UNDERTAKING. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 9July1908; H113234.

  MOVE ON. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Oct1903; H37369.

  MOVING DAY; or, NO CHILDREN ALLOWED. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    20Oct1905; H67662.

  A MOVING PICTURE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Apr1902;
    H16355.

  MUGGSY BECOMES A HERO. © Biograph Co.; 6Sept1910; J144969.

  MUGGSY’S FIRST SWEETHEART. © Biograph Co.; 1c 2July1910; J142787.

  THE MULE DRIVER AND THE GARRULOUS MUTE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    31May1910; J141881–84.

  MULES SWIMMING ASHORE AT DAIQUIRI, CUBA [Spanish-American War]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 5Aug1898; 46691.

  MULLIGAN’S WATERLOO, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 30July1909;
    J129792–93.

  MULTICYCLE RACE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Jan1903;
    H26850.

  MULTIPLE APPLAUSE. © Isidor Kitsee; 1c 26Apr1912; J168625.

  THE MUMMER’S DAUGHTER. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 21Oct1908;
    H117310.

  MURPHY’S WAKE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Nov1903; H38153.

  MUSICAL BAYONET EXERCISES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    28July1903; H33882.

  MUSICAL CALISTHENICS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28July1903;
    H33885.

  THE MUSICAL RIDE. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Sept1901; H8695.

  MUST BE IN BED BEFORE TEN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Feb1903; H28553.

  MUTINY ON THE BLACK SEA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12July1905; H63385.

  MY DOUBLE AND HOW HE UNDID ME, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    28Feb1912; J167031–34.

  MY FRIEND, MR. DUMMY. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 13Mar1909; H123956.

  MY FRIEND, THE DUMMY. SEE Pals.

  MY FRIEND, THE INDIAN. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 3May1909; H126444.

  MY LORD IN LIVERY, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7Dec1909;
    J135759–63.

  MY MILLINER’S BILL, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 8Mar1910;
    J139080–81.

  THE MYSTERIES OF SOUL, parts 1–3. © New York Motion Picture Co.; 1c
    4Mar1912; J166888–90.

  THE MYSTERIOUS CAFE. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Dec1901; H11495.

  THE MYSTERIOUS MIDGETS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Nov1904;
    H52703.

  THE MYSTERIOUS PHONOGRAPH. © S. Lubin; 6Apr1908; H108432.

  THE MYSTERIOUS RETORT. © George Méliès; 17Oct1906; H83920.

  THE MYSTERY OF A BROOKLYN BABY CARRIAGE. SEE Black and White.

  MYSTERY OF THE BRIDGE OF NOTRE DAME. © Société Francaise des Films &
    Cinematographes Eclair.

      Part 1. © 1c 20June1912; J170628.

      Part 2. © 1c 26June1912; J170628.

      Part 3. © 1c 20June1912; J170628.

  THE MYSTERY OF THE GARRISON. © Geo. Méliès; 7July1908; H113161.

  THE MYSTERY OF THE MAINE. © Raising the Maine Film Co.; 1c 20Nov1911;
    J163520.

  A MYSTIC RE-INCARNATION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    31Dec1902; H25971.

  MYSTIC SHRINERS’ DAY, DREAMLAND, CONEY ISLAND. © Thomas A. Edison;
    7Aug1905; H64177.

  THE MYSTIC SWING. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Mar1900; D6368.

  THE MYSTICAL FLAME. © George Méliès; 6July1903; H33236.


                                   N

  NAPOLEON: THE MAN OF DESTINY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    27Mar1909; H124897.

  THE NARROW ROAD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 5Aug1912; J171930.

  NATIONAL LANCERS, BOSTON. © Thomas A. Edison; 8May1897; 28511.

  NATIONAL SOLDIER’S HOME, VIRGINIA, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 18Sept1912; J176515–18.

  NATIVE DAUGHTERS. © Thomas A. Edison; 10Mar1898; 16434.

  NATIVE HAWAIIAN GUARDS IN BAYONET EXERCISES, H. I. © Thomas A. Edison;
    13Nov1906; H85059.

  NATIVE WOMAN WASHING A NEGRO BABY IN NASSAU, B. I. © Thomas A. Edison;
    8Apr1903; H30397.

  NATIVE WOMEN COALING A SHIP AND SCRAMBLING FOR MONEY [West Indies]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 8Apr1903; H30406.

  NATIVE WOMEN COALING A SHIP AT ST. THOMAS, D. W. I. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 8Apr1903; H30403.

  NATIVE WOMEN WASHING CLOTHES AT ST. VINCENT, B. W. I. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 8Apr1903; H30399.

  THE NAUGHTY LITTLE PRINCESS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 2Oct1908;
    H116419.

  NAVAL APPRENTICES AT SAIL DRILL ON HISTORIC SHIP CONSTELLATION
    [Newport, R. I., Naval Training School]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    22Nov1900; D22020.

  NAVAL BATTLE, ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION [Louisiana Purchase Exposition]. ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Sept1904; H50483.

  NAVAL PARADE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2July1902; H19654.

  NAVAL PARADE. © S. Lubin; 10Oct1908; H116794.

  NAVAL REVIEW AT OYSTER BAY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 5Sept1906;
    H82605.

  NAVAL SHAM BATTLE AT NEWPORT [Newport, R. I., Naval Training School].
    © Thomas A. Edison; 22Nov1900; D22019.

  A NEAR-TRAGEDY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Feb1912; J165553.

  NEARSIGHTED MARY. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 29July1909; J131734.

  THE NEARSIGHTED PROFESSOR. © S. Lubin; 6Apr1908; H108433.

  THE NECKLACE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3July1909; J129504.

  THE NECKLACE OF CRUSHED ROSE LEAVES, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 19July1912; J171556–59.

  THE NECROMANCER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12June1903;
    H32561.

  THE NEED OF GOLD. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 27Nov1907; H103014.

  NEIGHBORLY NEIGHBORS. © S. Lubin; 21Mar1908; H107735.

  NEIGHBORS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 25June1912; J170617.

  NEIGHBORS WHO BORROW. © S. Lubin; 7Oct1907; H100630.

  NELLIE, THE BEAUTIFUL HOUSEMAID. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    4May1908; H110099.

  NELLIE, THE PRETTY TYPEWRITER, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    6Mar1908; H107059–62.

  NELL’S LAST DEAL, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 7Apr1911;
    J154248–51.

  NELSON-BRITT PRIZE FIGHT. © Miles Bros.; 27Sept1905.

      1. Preliminaries and First Round; H66202.

      2. Rounds 2, 3, 4 and 5; H66203.

      3. Rounds 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10; H66204.

      4. Rounds 11, 12, 13, 14 and 15; H66205.

      5. Rounds 16, 17, 18 and Finish; H66206.

  NELSON-BRITT PRIZE FIGHT FOR LIGHTWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP, SAN FRANCISCO,
    SEPTEMBER 9TH, 1905. © Miles Bros.; 15Sept1905; H65558.

  NELSON-GANS FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of Nelson-Gans Fight.

  NELSON-MCGOVERN FIGHT. © S. Lubin; 23Mar1906; H74761.

  NEPTUNE’S DAUGHTERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30750.

  NERO AND THE BURNING OF ROME, scenes 1–7. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    22Apr1908; H109629–35.

  NERVES AND THE MAN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 16July1912;
    J171544–47.

  NERVY JIM AND THE COP. © S. Lubin; 1July1907; H95922.

  NERVY NAT KISSES THE BRIDE. © Thomas A. Edison; 30Sept1904; H51067.

  NEVADA FALLS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903; H30740.

  A NEVADA GIRL. © Centaur Film Co.; 4June1909; H128003.

  NEVER AGAIN. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22June1910; J142450.

  NEVER EAT GREEN APPLES. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 5Oct1909;
    J132843.

  NEVER TOUCHED HIM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Oct1903;
    H37380.

  THE NEW APPRENTICE. © S. Lubin; 17June1907; H95312.

  THE NEW ARRIVAL. © S. Lubin; 20Sept1907; H99885.

  THE NEW BABY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 28June1912; J170665.

  NEW BLACK DIAMOND EXPRESS. © Thomas A. Edison; 26May1900; D11027.

  THE NEW BREAKFAST FOOD. © S. Lubin; 18Apr1908; H109519.

  NEW BROOKLYN BRIDGE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Mar1903;
    H29155.

  NEW BROOKLYN TO NEW YORK VIA BROOKLYN BRIDGE, no. 1–2. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 22Sept1899; 61217–18.

  THE NEW CHURCH CARPET, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.;
    18July1911; J158345–48.

  A NEW DEATH PENALTY. © Geo. Méliès; 5July1907; H95990.

  THE NEW DRESS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 17May1911; J155567.

  THE NEW EDITOR, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 27Jan1912;
    J165369–72.

  NEW ENGLAND CHURCH SCENE, no. 111. © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897;
    9249.

  THE NEW GOVERNESS. © S. Lubin; 19Jan1909; H121762.

  A NEW LIFE, scenes 1–9. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 12Oct1909; J133237–45.

  THE NEW MAID. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 25June1903; H32946.

  THE NEW MAID. © S. Lubin; 18June1908; H112073.

  THE NEW MIRROR. © S. Lubin; 22Dec1908; H120172.

  A NEW OLD MASTER. © S. Lubin; 4Jan1909; H121223.

  THE NEW POLICEMAN, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 14Dec1909;
    J136001–04.

  THE NEW STENOGRAPHER, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 19Nov1908;
    H118497–502.

  THE NEW STENOGRAPHER: THE STENOGRAPHER. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 16Dec1904; H54336.

  NEW SUNSET LIMITED. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Apr1902; H16657.

  THE NEW TENANTS. SEE House to Let.

  A NEW TRICK. © Biograph Co.; 10June1909; H128181.

  A NEW VERSION OF “PERSONAL.” © S. Lubin; 5Nov1904; H52508.

  A NEW WAY TO PAY DEBTS. © S. Lubin; 9Mar1908; H107115.

  A NEW YEAR. © S. Lubin; 30Oct1908; H117627.

  A NEW YEAR’S GIFT. © S. Lubin; 16Sept1908; H115773.

  NEW YEAR’S MUMMIES [i.e. MUMMERS] PARADE. © Thomas A. Edison;
    17Jan1902; H13163.

  NEW YEAR’S TOAST. © Winthrop Press; 22May1906; H78022.

  NEW YORK ATHLETIC CLUB CREW AT PHILA., PA. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 15July1905; H63384.

  NEW YORK ATHLETIC CLUB GAMES, TRAVERS ISLAND. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 30June1905; H62771.

  NEW YORK CALEDONIAN CLUB’S PARADE. © Thomas A. Edison; 11Sept1903;
    H35620.

  NEW YORK CITY AND MANHATTAN BRIDGE FROM COFFYN HYDROAEROPLANE. ©
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 20Mar1912; J167415.

  NEW YORK CITY DUMPING WHARF. © Thomas A. Edison; 20May1903; H32030.

  NEW YORK CITY “GHETTO” FISH MARKET. © Thomas A. Edison; 20May1903;
    H32029.

  NEW YORK CITY IN A BLIZZARD. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1902; H14438.

  NEW YORK CITY POLICE PARADE. © Thomas A. Edison; 20May1903; H32028.

  N. Y. FIRE DEPARTMENT RETURNING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19May1903; H32003.

  NEW YORK HARBOR POLICE BOAT PATROL CAPTURING PIRATES. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 20May1903; H32027.

  N. Y. JOURNAL DESPATCH YACHT “BUCCANEER.” © Thomas A. Edison;
    21Apr1898; 25330.

  NEW YORK OF TODAY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 26Feb1910;
    J140914–17.

  NEW YORK POLICE PARADE, JUNE 1ST, 1899. © Thomas A. Edison;
    10June1899; 38517.

  NEW YORK POULTRY, PIGEON AND PET STOCK ASSOCIATION, scenes 1–4. ©
    Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 9Mar1912; J167216–19.

  NEW YORK CITY PUBLIC BATH. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Oct1903; H36497.

  NEW YORK STATE BARGE CANALS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    2Sept1911; J159418–21.

  NEW YORK STREET CLEANING, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    24Feb1912; J167035–38.

  THE NEWEST WOMAN. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 9Aug1909; J132444.

  THE NEWLYWEDS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 7Mar1910; J138954.

  THE NEWSBOY. © S. Lubin; 28May1908; H111139.

  THE NEWSBOY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 16Nov1905; H68781.

  NEXT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Nov1903; H38317.

  NIAGARA FALLS. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 23Dec1911; J163758.

      On same reel with A Pair Of Gloves.

  NIAGARA FALLS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 3Feb1912;
    J165924–27.

  NIAGARA FALLS, WINTER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30744.

  NIAGARA IN WINTER DRESS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 31Aug1909;
    J131157.

  NICHOLAS NICKLEBY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17Nov1903;
    H38252.

  THE NIECE AND THE CHORUS LADY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    30May1911; J156355–58.

  A NIGGER IN THE WOODPILE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    8Apr1904; H44250.

  A NIGHT AT THE GAYETY. © S. Lubin; 7Oct1907; H100631.

  A NIGHT AT THE HAYMARKET. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    29June1903; H33029.

  THE NIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS, scenes 1–10. © Thomas A. Edison;
    16Dec1905; H70072–81.

  NIGHT DUTY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26Oct1904; H52100.

  A NIGHT IN DREAMLAND. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 5Dec1907;
    H103334.

  A NIGHT OF ENCHANTMENT. SEE Cleopatra’s Lover.

  A NIGHT OF TERROR, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 8Mar1911;
    J153234–37.

  THE NIGHT OF THE PARTY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10July1906; H80447.

  A NIGHT OFF. © S. Lubin; 3July1906; H80178.

  A NIGHT OUT; or, HE COULDN’T GO HOME UNTIL MORNING. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 17Oct1908; H117108.

  A NIGHT WITH MASQUERADERS IN PARIS. © Geo. Méliès; 24Mar1908; H107865.

  THE NIHILISTS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Mar1905; H58604.

  THE NINE LIVES OF A CAT, scenes 1–12. © Thomas A. Edison; 18July1907;
    H96721–32.

  9TH AND 13TH U. S. INFANTRY AT BATTALION DRILL [Spanish-American War].
    © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38245.

  9TH INFANTRY BOYS’ MORNING WASH [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 20May1898; 31444.

  THE 9TH INFANTRY, U. S. A. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Aug1903; H34103.

  THE NINTH INTERNATIONAL RED CROSS CONFERENCE, WASHINGTON, D. C. MAY
    7TH, TO 17TH, 1912, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 3Aug1912;
    J172437–40.

  9TH U. S. CAVALRY WATERING HORSES [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 20May1898; 31433.

  NO BILL PEDDLERS ALLOWED. © Miles Bros.; 30Oct1905; H68120.

  NO CHILDREN ALLOWED. SEE Moving Day.

  NO CHILDREN WANTED. © S. Lubin; 21Mar1908; H107736.

  NO COOKING ALLOWED, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 9Sept1911;
    J159676–79.

  NO LIBERTIES, PLEASE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4June1903;
    H32386.

  NO ONE TO LOVE HER. SEE The Jealous Old Maid.

  NO REST FOR THE WEARY. SEE House Cleaning Days.

  NO SALAD DRESSING WANTED. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9Dec1902; H24893.

  NO TRIFLING WITH LOVE. © George Méliès; 25June1908; H112349.

  NO WEDDING BELLS FOR HIM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    31July1906; H81473.

  A NOBLE JESTER; or, FAINT HEART NEVER WON FAIR LADY. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 9June1908; H111580.

  NOBODY WORKS LIKE FATHER. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 12Apr1906;
    H75602.

  THE NON-UNION BILL-POSTER. © Paley & Steiner; 17Mar1905; H57771.

  A NON-UNION PAPER HANGER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Apr1902; H16344.

  NOON HOUR, HOPE WEBBING CO. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5Dec1903; H38864.

  NORA’S 4TH OF JULY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Apr1902;
    H16389.

  NOT GUILTY. © Geo. Méliès; 10Sept1908; H115494.

  NOT LIKE OTHER GIRLS. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 26July1912; J171730.

  NOT SO BAD AS IT SEEMED. © Biograph Co.; 1c 26Nov1910; J148145.

  THE NOTE IN THE SHOE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Apr1909;
    H126279.

  NOTHING SHALL BE HIDDEN. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 10June1912;
    J171931.

  A NOVEL WAY OF CATCHING A BURGLAR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 22Mar1904; H43574.

  NOW I LAY ME DOWN TO SLEEP. © Thos. A. Edison; 21Apr1897; 24882.

  NO. 5874. © S. Lubin; 4Jan1909; H121221.

  THE NURSE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 20Feb1912;
    J166662–65.

  NURSING A VIPER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 5Nov1909; J134294.

  A NYMPH OF THE WAVES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30731.


                                   O

  THE OATH AND THE MAN. © Biograph Co.; 26Sept1910; J145784.

  THE OBDURATE FATHER. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 14Aug1909;
    J130684.

  O’BRIEN-BURNS CONTEST, LOS ANGELES, CAL., Nov. 26TH, 1906. © Miles
    Bros.; 17Dec1906; H86763.

  O’BRIEN’S BUSY DAY. © Imp Films Co.; 3Feb1912; J165547.

      On same reel with Brown Moves to Town.

  O’BRIEN’S TRAINED HORSES. © Thomas A. Edison; 8May1897; 28530.

  OBSERVATION TRAIN FOLLOWING PARADE [Spanish-American War; New York
    City Welcome to Admiral Sampson’s Fleet after Battle of Santiago
    Bay]. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52051.

  OBSTACLE RACE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Jan1905; H55397.

  “OCEANS” FIRE COMPANY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30748.

  AN ODD PAIR OF LIMBS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 12May1908;
    H110464.

  OFF FOR THE RABBIT CHASE. © Thomas A. Edison; 17Feb1898; 12173.

  OFF HIS BEAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Nov1903; H38014.

  OFF THE COAST OF MAINE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    12Sept1911; J160016–19.

  OFFICE BOY’S REVENGE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18June1904;
    H47315.

  THE OFFICE BOY’S REVENGE. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Dec1903; H39174.

  OFFICER MCCUE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Mar1909; H123653.

  OH, I DON’T KNOW. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904;
    H46931.

  OH ME, OH MY. © S. Lubin; 23Oct1907; H101547.

  OH, MY FEET. © S. Lubin; 6Apr1908; H108434.

  OH, RATS! scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 25Mar1909; H124843–46.

  OH! SO CLUMSY. SEE The Awkward Man.

  OH! THAT LIMBURGER; the story of a piece of cheese. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 1May1906; H76432.

  OH! THAT WATERMELON. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896; 68817.

  OH, THOSE EYES! © Biograph Co.; 1c 1Apr1912; J167693.

  OH, UNCLE! © Biograph Co.; 1c 27Aug1909; J130911.

  OH! YOU DIRTY BOY! © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 28Nov1905; H69120.

  THE OLD ACTOR. © Biograph Co.; 1c 4May1912; J168900.

  THE OLD ARMY CHEST. © Lubin Mg. Co.; 18May1909; H127188.

  AN OLD BACHELOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Feb1904;
    H42800.

  THE OLD BOOKKEEPER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20Jan1912; J165052.

  THE OLD CLASS REUNION. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 17July1911;
    J157533.

  THE OLD CONFECTIONER’S MISTAKE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 12Sept1911;
    J159947.

  OLD FAITHFUL GEYSER [Yellowstone Park]. © Thomas A. Edison; 6May1901;
    H4082.

  THE OLD FAMILY BIBLE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 8Mar1911;
    J153246–49.

  OLD FASHIONED SCOTTISH REEL. © Thomas A. Edison; 11Sept1903; H35621.

  THE OLD FOOTLIGHT FAVORITE. © Geo. Méliès; 10Sept1908; H115490.

  OLD GENTLEMAN SPINKLES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13June1903; H32631.

  OLD GLORY AND CUBAN FLAG. © Thomas A. Edison.

      © 15Mar1898; 17706.

      © 17Mar1898; 18131.

  OLD GUARD, NEW YORK CITY [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 8May1897; 28520.

  THE OLD HALL CLOCK. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 8Apr1909; H125496.

  OLD ISAACS THE PAWNBROKER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    26Mar1908; H107936.

  OLD LOVES AND THE NEW, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 19July1910;
    J143671–74.

  OLD MAID AND FORTUNE TELLER. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Feb1904; H42206.

  THE OLD MAID AND THE BURGLAR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13Aug1903; H34514.

  THE OLD MAID HAVING HER PICTURE TAKEN. © Thomas A. Edison; 1Mar1901;
    H1494.

  THE OLD MAID IN THE HORSECAR. © Thomas A. Edison; 1Mar1901; H1496.

  THE OLD MAID’S DISAPPOINTMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2July1902; H19651.

  THE OLD MAID’S DREAM. © S. Lubin; 18Nov1908; H118460.

  THE OLD MAID’S PARROT. © S. Lubin; 13June1908; H111810.

  THE OLD MAID’S PICTURE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Aug1903; H34809.

  OLD MAIDS’ TEMPERANCE CLUB, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 4Dec1908;
    H119186–88.

  OLD MAIL COACH AT FORD, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Aug1903; H34990.

  AN OLD MAN’S BRIDE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 18May1909; H127181.

  OLD MARKET PLACE, PANAMA. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Apr1907; H92575.

  OLD MOTHER HUBBARD. © Siegmund Lubin; 28Apr1903; H31231.

  THE OLD ORGAN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 12June1909; H128246.

  THE OLD PEDDLER. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 7Aug1911; J158242.

  THE OLD PIER AND WAVES. © The International Film Co.; 13Nov1896;
    62084.

  AN OLD SILVER MINE IN PERU, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 13Dec1910;
    J149485–88.

  AN OLD STORY WITH A NEW ENDING. © Biograph Co.; 1c 19Aug1910; J144498.

  AN OLD SWEETHEART OF MINE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    17Oct1911; J161645–48.

  OLD SWEETHEARTS OF MINE; a phantasy in smoke. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 29Apr1909; H126306.

  THE OLD SWIMMING HOLE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    31July1906; H81471.

  OLD VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18June1903; H32831.

  OLD WOMAN WHO LIVED IN A SHOE. © Siegmund Lubin; 1May1903; H31306.

  OLDEN AND NEW STYLE CONJURING. © Geo. Méliès; 27Mar1906; H75005.

  OLIVER TWIST. (Vitagraph High Art Film) Based on the book by Charles
    Dickens. Miss Elita Otis as Nancy Sykes. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 10May1909; H126775.

  OLSEN AND ROEBER WRESTLING MATCH. SEE Reproduction of the Olsen and
    Roeber Wrestling Match.

  OLYMPIC GAMES OF THE PITTSBURG Y. M. C. A., scenes 1–4. © Thomas A.
    Edison, Inc.; 2Oct1912; J176573–76.

  [ON] A [GOOD OLD] FIVE CENT TROLLEY RIDE. © Thomas A. Edison;
    16May1905; H61056.

  ON THE BEACH AT BRIGHTON. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    15July1905; H63380.

  ON THE BENCHES IN THE PARK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Sept1903; H35640.

  ON THE FLYING RINGS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13Aug1903.

      Pt. A. H34522.

      Pt. B. H34523.

      Pt. C. H34524.

  ON THE REEF. © Biograph Co.; 1c 19Jan1910; J137450.

  ON THE ROAD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5May1903; H31690.

  ON THE SHORE. © Imp Films Co.; 6May1912; J168954.

  ON THE STAGE; or, MELODRAMA FROM THE BOWERY. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 20Apr1907; H92836.

  ON THE STROKE OF TWELVE. © S. Lubin; 16Sept1908; H115780.

  ON THE WEB. SEE Silveon and Emerie “on the Web.”

  ON THE WESTERN FRONTIER, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 3Apr1909;
    H125281–85.

  ON THE WINDOW SHADES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2Feb1904;
    H41756.

  ON TO BROOKLYN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Nov1903.

      1. H37651.

      2. H37650.

  ONAWANDAH; or, AN INDIAN’S DEVOTION. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    28Sept1909; J132452.

  ONE BUSY HOUR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6May1909; H126642.

  104TH STREET CURVE, NEW YORK, ELEVATED RAILWAY. © Thomas A. Edison;
    22Apr1899; 27?6

  100 PER CENT JEALOUSY, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 3Mar1909;
    H123631–35.

  THE 100 to 1 SHOT; or, A RUN OF LUCK. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    28July1906; H81370.

  100 YEARS HENCE. SEE The Airship.

  ONE IS BUSINESS, THE OTHER CRIME. © Biograph Co.; 1c 24Apr1912;
    J168597.

  ONE MAN BASE BALL. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 27May1907; H94572.

  ONE NIGHT AND THEN. © Biograph Co.; 1c 16Feb1910; J138316.

  ONE OF THE FINEST. © William N. Selig; 27May1907; H94575.

  ONE-ROUND O’BRIEN. © Biograph Co.; 1c 12July1912; J171148.

  ONE THOUSAND MILE TREE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Jan1903;
    H26854.

  ONE THOUSAND MILES THROUGH THE ROCKIES, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A.
    Edison, Inc.; 21Feb1912; J166658–61.

  ONE TOUCH OF NATURE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 30Dec1908;
    H120834.

  ONE WAY OF TAKING A GIRL’S PICTURE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 12Jan1904; H40807.

  THE ONION FIEND. © William N. Selig; 9Aug1907; H97844.

  ONLY A SOLDIER BOY. © S. Lubin; 2Oct1903; H36487.

  ONLY KIDS. © S. Lubin; 26Oct1907; H101655.

  ONOKO’S VOW, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 30Sept1910; J146161–64.

  THE OPEN GATE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 24Nov1909; J135125.

  OPENING CEREMONIES, NEW YORK SUBWAY, OCTOBER 27, 1904. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 29Oct1904; H52333.

  OPENING CEREMONIES, ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION [Louisiana Purchase
    Exposition]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13May1904; H45954.

  OPENING DAY, JAMESTOWN EXPOSITION [Jamestown Tercentennial]. ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18May1907; H94003.

  OPENING OF BELMONT PARK RACE COURSE. © Thomas A. Edison; 8May1905;
    H60646.

  OPENING OF NEW EAST RIVER BRIDGE, NEW YORK. © Thomas A. Edison;
    28Dec1903; H40151.

  THE OPENING OF THE Y. M. C. A. ISLAND PLAYGROUND, LYNCHBURG, 1912,
    scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 7Sept1912; J176467–70.

  OPENING, PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION [BUFFALO]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    28May1901; H4637.

  OPENING THE WILLIAMSBURG BRIDGE [New York City]. © American Mutoscope
    & Biograph Co.; 11Feb1904; H42039.

  THE ORACLE OF DELPHI. © George Méliès; 6July1903; H33234.

  THE ORDEAL, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 21Sept1909; J132110–13.

  ORE THE BANSTER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15July1905;
    H63381.

  ORIENTAL BLACK ART. © Geo. Méliès; 26Aug1908; H115116.

  THE ORIENTAL MYSTIC. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10May1909;
    H126774.

  ORIGIN OF BEETHOVEN’S MOONLIGHT SONATA, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    4Feb1909; H122540–45.

  ORIGINAL COHENS. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 16Feb1909; H122981.

  ORMOND, FLA. AUTO RACES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    8Feb1905; H56520.

  THE ORPHAN; or, A MOUNTAIN ROMANCE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    19May1908; H110736.

  ORPHAN CHILDREN ON THE BEACH AT CONEY ISLAND. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 13Aug1904; H49073.

  ORPHANS IN THE SURF. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1903; H35375.

  OSCEOLA, THE LAST OF THE SEMINOLES. SEE The Indian’s Revenge.

  “OSLER”-ISING PAPA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26Apr1905;
    H60054.

  ’OSTLER JOE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4June1908; H111373.

  ’OSTLER JOE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 28Sept1912;
    J176538–41.

  OSTRICH FARM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2July1902; H19650.

  OSTRICH FARM. © S. Lubin; 10July1901; H5888.

  OSTRICH FARMS AT PASADENA. © Thomas A. Edison; 19Dec1901; H11745.

  OSTRICHES FEEDING. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13547.

  OSTRICHES RUNNING, no. 1–2. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13545–46.

  THE OTHER FELLOW; or, A FIGHT FOR LOVE, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    8Apr1909; H125505–07.

  THE OTHER SIDE OF THE HEDGE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    28Nov1904; H53766.

  OUR BABY. © Imp Films Co.; 30Mar1912; J167616.

  OUR COUNTRY IN ARMS. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 15Apr1909; H125804.

  OUR DEAF FRIEND, FOGARTY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Feb1904; H42002.

  OUR OWN LITTLE FLAT. © S. Lubin; 9Mar1908; H107116.

  OUT FROM THE SHADOW. © Biograph Co.; 1c 5Aug1911; J158553.

  OUT OF THE DEEP, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 3May1912;
    J168973–76.

  OUT OF THE NIGHT, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 12July1910;
    J143380–83.

  OUTBOUND VESSEL PASSING GOVERNORS ISLAND, N. Y. HARBOR, no. 127. ©
    American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9264.

  THE OUTCAST, 2 parts. © New York Motion Picture Co., Inc.; 8June1912;
    J170221.

  AN OUTCAST AMONG OUTCASTS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 29May1912; J169786.

  THE OUTCAST AND THE BRIDE. © S. Lubin; 7Dec1903; H39711.

  THE OUTCAST CHILD, 2 parts. © Société Francaise des Films et
    Cinematographes “Eclair,” Paris; 1c 9July1912; J170894.

  OUTCAST, OR HEROINE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10Apr1909;
    H125542.

  OUTING, MYSTIC SHRINERS, ATLANTIC CITY, NEW JERSEY. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 20July1904; H48344.

  THE OUTLAW. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11June1908; H111672.

  OUTWITTED BY HIS WIFE. © S. Lubin; 18June1908; H112072.

  OUTWITTED BY WIT. SEE Tit for Tat.

  THE OVER-ANXIOUS WAITER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5Dec1903; H38863.

  OVER MOUNTAIN PASSES, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 27Sept1910;
    J146035–38.

  OVER ROUTE OF ROOSEVELT PARADE IN AN AUTOMOBILE. © American Mutoscope
    & Biograph Co.; 4June1903; H32391.

  OVER SILENT PATHS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 18May1910; J141397.

  OVER THE HILLS. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 30Nov1911; J163138.

  OVER THE HILLS TO THE POOR HOUSE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    20June1908; H112129.

  OVERLAND EXPRESS ARRIVING AT HELENA, MONT. © Thomas A. Edison;
    4Apr1900; D7247.

  OVERLAND LIMITED. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12June1902;
    H18897.

  OX CARTS, TOKIO, JAPAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Oct1903; H36866.


                                   P

  PACED BICYCLE RACE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Jan1903;
    H26851.

  PACK MULES WITH AMMUNITION ON THE SANTIAGO TRAIL, CUBA
    [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison; 5Aug1898; 46693.

  PACK TRAIN, GEN. BELL’S EXPEDITION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 10Apr1902; H16358.

  PACK TRAIN ON THE CHILCOOT [i.e. CHILKOOT] PASS [Alaska Gold Rush]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 6May1901; H4085.

  PACKERS ON THE TRAIL [Alaska Gold Rush]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    24May1901; H4575.

  PACKING AMMUNITION ON MULES, CUBA [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 5Aug1898; 46692.

  PAGAN AND CHRISTIAN, scenes 1–8. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 16Jan1909;
    H121720–27.

  A PAGEANT, DEDICATION, FESTIVAL. © Geo. Méliès; 10June1908; H111634.

  IL PAGLIACCI [LEONCAVALLO]. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Feb1909; H122575.

  THE PAINTER’S REVENGE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28May1908;
    H111172–75.

  THE PAINTING. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 19Dec1908; H120076.

  A PAIR OF GLOVES. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 23Dec1911;
    J163758.

      On same reel with Niagara Falls.

  A PAIR OF QUEENS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23June1903;
    H32907.

  A PAIR OF SPECTACLES. © S. Lubin; 25Sept1908; H116152.

  THE PAJAMA GIRL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22May1903;
    H32109.

  THE PAJAMA STATUE GIRLS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5Dec1903; H38861.

  PALACE OF ELECTRICITY [Paris Exposition]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    9Aug1900; D16380.

  THE PALACE OF THE ARABIAN NIGHTS. © George Méliès; 29May1905.

      1. Reception room in the Rajah’s Palace; H61386.

      2. The Prince’s Chamber; H61387.

      3. The Temple of Siva; H61388.

      4. The Banks of the Sacred River; H61389.

      5. The Gondola of the Blue Dwarf; H61390.

      6. The Magic Forest; H61391.

      7. The Staircase; H61392.

      8. The Entrance of the Wonderful Caverns; H61393.

      9. The Descent in the Crystal Grotto; H61394.

      10. The Crystal Grotto; H61395.

      11. 2d pt. The Crystal Grotto; H61396.

      12. The Miraculous Caves; H61397.

      13. The Palace of the Arabian Nights; H61398.

      14. The Palace of the Rajah; H61399.

  PALS; or, MY FRIEND, THE DUMMY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    20Aug1906; H82142.

  THE PANAMA CANAL AND SCENES ALONG THE CANAL ZONE, parts 1–2. ©
    Aviation Film Co.; 1c 10July1912; J170910.

  THE PANAMA CANAL IN 1911, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.;
    2May1911; J154964–67.

  PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION BY NIGHT. © Thomas A. Edison; 17Oct1901;
    H9784.

  PANORAMA AT GRANT’S TOMB, DEWEY NAVAL PROCESSION [Spanish-American
    War; Dewey Homecoming, New York City]. © Thomas A. Edison; 4Oct1899;
    64322.

  PANORAMA, CROWDS AT SQUIRES-BURNS INTERNATIONAL CONTEST, FROM CENTER
    OF RING, COLMA, JULY 4TH, 1907. © Miles Bros.; 11July1907; H97267.

  PANORAMA, CROWDS AT SQUIRES-BURNS INTERNATIONAL CONTEST, FROM MOVING
    PICTURE STAND, COLMA, JULY 4TH, 1907. © Miles Bros.; 11July1907;
    H97268.

  PANORAMA EXTERIOR WESTINGHOUSE WORKS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 2May1904; H45157.

  PANORAMA FROM CANOE, no. 6. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    21Sept1903; H35871.

  PANORAMA FROM COLUMBUS POINT OF ATLANTIC ENTRANCE TO THE CANAL [Panama
    Canal]. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Apr1907; H92568.

  PANORAMA FROM GERMAN BUILDING, WORLD’S FAIR [Louisiana Purchase
    Exposition, St. Louis]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    1Sept1904; H49803.

  PANORAMA FROM GONDOLA, ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION [Louisiana Purchase
    Exposition]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19May1904; H46226.

  PANORAMA FROM INCLINE RAILWAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Oct1902; H22205.

  PANORAMA FROM RUNNING INCLINE RAILWAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 3Oct1902; H22206.

  PANORAMA FROM THE MOVING BOARDWALK [Paris Exposition]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 9Aug1900; D16381.

  PANORAMA FROM THE TOWER OF BROOKLYN BRIDGE. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 12Sept1903; H35636.

  PANORAMA FROM TIMES BUILDING, NEW YORK. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 11Apr1905; H59310.

  PANORAMA, GOLDEN GATE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30735.

  PANORAMA, GREAT GORGE ROUTE OVER LEWISTON BRIDGE. © Thomas A. Edison;
    22Oct1901; H9963.

  PANORAMA LA BOCA HARBOR AND PACIFIC ENTRANCE TO CANAL [Panama Canal].
    © Thomas A. Edison; 12Apr1907; H92574.

  PANORAMA OF A PHILIPPINE VILLAGE. © S. Lubin; 10July1901; H5889.

  PANORAMA OF AMERICAN & CANADIAN FALLS—TAKEN OPPOSITE AMERICAN FALLS
    [Niagara Falls]. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3533.

  PANORAMA OF BEACH AND CLIFF HOUSE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 30Sept1903; H36355.

  PANORAMA OF BLACKWELL’S ISLAND, NEW YORK. © Thomas A. Edison;
    20May1903; H32034.

  PANORAMA OF CULEBRA CUT [Panama Canal]. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Apr1907;
    H92571.

  PANORAMA OF EAST GALVESTON [Galveston, Texas, Hurricane and Tidal
    Wave]. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Sept1900; D18567.

  PANORAMA OF EIFFEL TOWER [Paris Exposition]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    9Aug1900; D16385.

  PANORAMA OF ESPLANADE BY NIGHT [Pan American Exposition, Buffalo]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 11Nov1901; H10633.

  PANORAMA OF EXCURSION BOATS [America’s Cup Races: Reliance and
    Shamrock III]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Sept1903;
    H35650.

  PANORAMA OF FIELD ST., ST. JOSEPH [MO.] © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 7May1904; H45459.

  PANORAMA OF FLATIRON BUILDING [New York City]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 4June1903; H32387.

  PANORAMA OF 4TH ST., ST. JOSEPH [MO.] © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 7May1904; H45458.

  PANORAMA OF GALVESTON POWER HOUSE [Galveston, Texas, Hurricane and
    Tidal Wave]. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Sept1900; D18563.

  PANORAMA OF GORGE RAILWAY. © Thomas A. Edison; 26May1900; D11028.

  PANORAMA OF KOBE HARBOR, JAPAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Oct1903; H36864.

  PANORAMA OF MACHINE CO. AISLE WESTINGHOUSE CO. WORKS. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23July1904; H48410.

  PANORAMA OF MORRO CASTLE, HAVANA, CUBA. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Apr1903;
    H30401.

  PANORAMA OF ORPHANS HOME, GALVESTON [Galveston, Texas, Hurricane and
    Tidal Wave]. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Sept1900; D18564.

  PANORAMA OF PLACE DE L’OPERA. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Aug1900; D16389.

  PANORAMA OF RACE TRACK CROWD, ST. LOUIS [Louisiana Purchase
    Exposition]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6July1904; H47705.

  PANORAMA OF RIKER’S ISLAND, NEW YORK. © Thomas A. Edison; 20May1903;
    H32031.

  PANORAMA OF RUINS FROM BALTIMORE AND CHARLES STREET [Baltimore Fire].
    © Thomas A. Edison; 12Feb1904; H42054.

  PANORAMA OF RUINS FROM LOMBARD AND CHARLES STREET [Baltimore Fire]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 12Feb1904; H42055.

  PANORAMA OF RUINS FROM LOMBARD AND HANOVER STREETS, BALTIMORE, MD.
    [Baltimore Fire]. © Thomas A. Edison; 19Feb1904; H42310.

  PANORAMA OF RUINS FROM WATER FRONT [Baltimore Fire]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 12Feb1904; H42056.

  PANORAMA OF THE MOVING BOARDWALK [Paris Exposition]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 9Aug1900; D16383.

  PANORAMA OF THE PARIS EXPOSITION, FROM THE SEINE. © Thomas A. Edison;
    9Aug1900; D16388.

  PANORAMA OF THE PATERSON [N. J.] FIRE. © Thomas A. Edison; 17Feb1902;
    H14295.

  PANORAMA OF 3RD STREET, ST. JOSEPH [MO.] © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 7May1904; H45457.

  PANORAMA OF TIVOLI, ITALY, SHOWING SEVEN FALLS. © Thomas A. Edison;
    11June1903; H32507.

  PANORAMA OF WILLEMSTADT, CURACAO, TAKEN FROM THE RIVER. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 8Apr1903; H30400.

  PANORAMA OF WRECKAGE OF WATER FRONT [Galveston, Texas, Hurricane and
    Tidal Wave]. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Sept1900; D18560.

  PANORAMA RUINS OF OLD FRENCH MACHINERY [Panama Canal]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 12Apr1907; H92569.

  PANORAMA, ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION [Louisiana Purchase Exposition]. ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3June1904; H46820.

  PANORAMA, UNION SQUARE, SAN FRANCISCO. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 4June1903; H32394.

  PANORAMA VIEW STREET CAR MOTOR ROOM [Westinghouse Works]. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2May1904; H45147.

  PANORAMA WATER FRONT AND BROOKLYN BRIDGE FROM EAST RIVER. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 20May1903; H32037.

  PANORAMIC RAILWAY VIEW FROM FRONT OF TRAIN. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    11May1910; J141645.

  PANORAMIC SCENE, SUSQUEHANNA RIVER. © Thos. A. Edison; 21Apr1897;
    24892.

  PANORAMIC VIEW AISLE B., WESTINGHOUSE WORKS. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 10May1904; H45597.

  PANORAMIC VIEW, ALBERT CANYON. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Dec1901; H11093.

  PANORAMIC VIEW BETWEEN PALLISER AND FIELD, B. C. © Thomas A. Edison;
    11Jan1902; H13036.

  PANO[RAMIC] VIEW, CRATER OF HALEAKALA, H. I. © Thomas A. Edison;
    13Nov1906; H85066.

  PANORAMIC VIEW FROM PITTSBURGH TO ALLEGHENY. © Thomas A. Edison;
    7Apr1902; H16120.

  PANO[RAMIC] VIEW, HONOLULU HARBOR, H. I. © Thomas A. Edison;
    13Nov1906; H85052.

  PANORAMIC VIEW, HORSESHOE CURVE FROM PENNA. LTD. © Thomas A. Edison;
    22June1899; 40946.

  PANORAMIC VIEW, HORSESHOE CURVE, PENNA. R. R., no. 2. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 7July1899; 44243.

  PANORAMIC VIEW, KICKING HORSE CANYON. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Dec1901;
    H11091.

  PANO[RAMIC] VIEW, KING ST. HONOLULU, H. I. © Thomas A. Edison;
    13Nov1906; H85053.

  PANORAMIC VIEW, LOWER KICKING HORSE CANYON. © Thomas A. Edison;
    9Dec1901; H11089.

  PANORAMIC VIEW, LOWER KICKING HORSE VALLEY. © Thomas A. Edison;
    9Dec1901; H11092.

  PANORAMIC VIEW NEAR MT. GOLDEN ON THE CANADIAN PACIFIC R. R. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 11Jan1902; H13039.

  PANO[RAMIC] VIEW, OAHU RAILROAD, HALEIWA, H. I. © Thomas A. Edison;
    13Nov1906; H85065.

  PANORAMIC VIEW, OAHU RAILROAD, PEARL HARBOR, HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 16Nov1906; H85393.

  PANORAMIC VIEW, RESCUE WORK, GALVESTON [Galveston, Texas, Hurricane
    and Tidal Wave]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Sept1900;
    D18555.

  PANORAMIC VIEW, UPPER KICKING HORSE CANYON. © Thomas A. Edison;
    9Dec1901; H11090.

  PANO[RAMIC] VIEW, WAIKIKI FROM AN ELECTRIC CAR, H. I. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 13Nov1906; H85064.

  PANORAMIC VIEW, WRECKAGE ALONG SHORE, GALVESTON [Galveston, Texas,
    Hurricane and Tidal Wave]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Sept1900; D18556.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF AN EGYPTIAN CATTLE MARKET. © Thomas A. Edison;
    17June1903; H32803.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF BEYROUTH, SYRIA, SHOWING HOLIDAY FESTIVITIES. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 17June1903; H32800.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF BOSTON SUBWAY FROM AN ELECTRIC CAR. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 16Dec1901; H11492.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF BROOKLYN BRIDGE. © Thomas A. Edison; 4Feb1899;
    10650.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF CHARLESTON EXPOSITION [South Carolina]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 18Apr1902; H16720.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF ELECTRIC TOWER FROM A BALLOON [Pan American
    Exposition, Buffalo]. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Aug1901; H7634.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF FLORAL FLOAT “OLYMPIA” [Spanish-American War; Dewey
    Homecoming, New York City]. © Thomas A. Edison; 5Oct1899; 64679.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF MOKI-LAND [Walpapi Indians]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    12Dec1901; H11266.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF MONTE CARLO. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Apr1903; H30408.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF MT. TAMALPAIS. © Thomas A. Edison; 11Jan1902;
    H13035.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF MT. TAMALPAIS BETWEEN BOW KNOT AND MCKINLEY CUT. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 11Jan1902; H13034.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF NEWPORT [R. I.]. © Thomas A. Edison; 12May1900;
    D10163.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF NIAGARA FALLS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Sept1903; H35638.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF RUBIO CANYON, MT. LOW R. R. © Thomas A. Edison;
    19Dec1901; H11746.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF ST. PIERRE, MARTINIQUE. © Thomas A. Edison;
    8Apr1903; H30395.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF THE CANADIAN PACIFIC R. R. NEAR LEAUCHOIL, B. C. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 11Jan1902; H13042.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF THE CHAMPS ELYSEES. © Thomas A. Edison; 29Aug1900;
    D18582.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF THE FLEET AFTER YACHT RACE [America’s Cup Races:
    Columbia and Shamrock II]. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Oct1901; H9411.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF THE GOLDEN GATE. © Thomas A. Edison; 11Jan1902;
    H13041.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF THE GORGE R. R. © Thomas A. Edison; 13Aug1901;
    H7625.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF THE GREAT CABLE INCLINE, MT. LOW R.R. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 19Dec1901; H11748.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF THE HOHENZOLLERN. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1902;
    H14439.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF THE PLACE DE L’CONCORD [i.e. LA CONCORDE]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 29Aug1900; D18579.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF THE PRESIDENT’S HOUSE AT CANTON, OHIO [President
    William McKinley]. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Sept1901; H9016.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF THE WHITE PASS RAILROAD. © Thomas A. Edison;
    6May1901; H4081.

  PANORAMIC VIEW OF TREMONT HOTEL, GALVESTON [Galveston, Texas,
    Hurricane and Tidal Wave]. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Sept1900; D18565.

  PANO[RAMIC] VIEW OF WAIKIKI BEACH, HONOLULU, H. I. © Thomas A. Edison;
    13Nov1906; H85057.

  PANORAMIC VIEWS OF ALASKA IN ANIMATED MAPS. © William H. Harbeck;
    27Jan1912; J166299.

  PANTS AND PANSIES. © Biograph Co.; 1c 24Jan1912; J165156.

  PAPA’S SWEETHEART, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 26Dec1911;
    J164310–13.

  PAPA’S WARNING; “HE MUST GO AT ELEVEN.” © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 9June1904; H46954.

  PAPERHANGER IN TROUBLE. © Paley & Steiner; 20Jan1905; H56274.

  PARADE, AMERICUS CLUB, CANTON OHIO, no. 73. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    4Feb1897; 9238.

  PARADE, ELKINS CADETS, CANTON, O. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896;
    68808.

  PARADE, FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY ATLANTIC CITY, N. J. © Percival L.
    Waters; 22June1904; H47450.

  PARADE, FIRST BRIGADE. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3554.

  PARADE, MYSTIC SHRINERS, ATLANTIC CITY, NEW JERSEY. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 20July1904; H48345.

  PARADE, SOUND MONEY CLUB, CANTON, O. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    18Dec1896; 68809.

  PARADE AT CANTON O., SHOWING MAJOR MCKINLEY IN CARRIAGE. © American
    Mutoscope Co.; 19Dec1896; 69091.

  PARADE OF BUFFALO BILL’S WILD WEST SHOW, no. 1–2. © Thomas A. Edison;
    22June1898; 38211–12.

  PARADE OF CHINESE. © Thomas A. Edison; 10Mar1898; 16439.

  PARADE OF COACHES. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13555.

  PARADE OF EAGLES, NEW YORK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Sept1903; H35631.

  PARADE OF “EXEMPT” FIREMEN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    1Oct1903; H36401.

  PARADE OF FLOATS, ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION [Louisiana Purchase
    Exposition]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Aug1904; H48986.

  PARADE OF HORSES ON SPEEDWAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    8July1903; H33282.

  PARADE OF MARINES, U. S. CRUISER, “BROOKLYN” [Spanish-American War]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 12Oct1898; 60143.

  PARADE OF SHRINERS, LUNA PARK [Coney Island]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 26Aug1904; H49510.

  PARADE OF SNAKE DANCERS BEFORE THE DANCE [Walpapi Indians; Snake
    Dance]. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Dec1901; H11267.

  PARADE OF THE PIKERS, ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION [Louisiana Purchase
    Exposition]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13May1904; H45955.

  PARADE OF WOMEN DELEGATES; WORLD’S FAIR [Louisiana Purchase
    Exposition, St. Louis]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13Aug1904; H49075.

  PARADISE, parts 1–2. © National Film Distributing Co.; 1c 1Feb1912;
    J166022–23.

  PARADISE LOST. © Biograph Co.; 1c 17Apr1911; J154435.

  PARDNERS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 4Jan1910; J137013–16.

  THE PARENT’S DEVOTION. © S. Lubin; 9Mar1908; H107124.

  PARIS FROM THE SEINE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Oct1904;
    H52232.

  PARISIAN DANCE. © Thomas A. Edison; 15Jan1897; 5235.

  PARK POLICE, DISMOUNTING AND MOUNTING. © Thomas A. Edison; 31Oct1896;
    60138.

  PARK POLICE, LEFT WHEEL AND FORWARD. © Thomas A. Edison; 31Oct1896;
    60139.

  PARKE DAVIS’ EMPLOYEES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11May1903; H31670.

  PARLEZ VOUS FRANCAIS? (DO YOU SPEAK FRENCH?) © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 16Apr1908; H109450.

  PARSIFAL. © Thomas A. Edison; 13Oct1904.

      Parsifal ascends the throne. H51619.

      Ruins of magic garden. H51620.

      Exterior of Klingson’s Castle. H51621.

      Magic garden. H51622.

      Interior of the temple. H51623.

      Scene outside the temple. H51624.

      Return of Parsifal. H51625.

      In the woods. H51626.

  THE PARSON OF HENRY GULCH. © S. Lubin; 23Oct1907; H101544.

  THE PARSON’S UMBRELLA, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 14Jan1910;
    J137403–05.

  PARTED, BUT UNITED AGAIN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 26Feb1909;
    H123376.

  PARTED ON THEIR HONEYMOON, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 2July1909;
    J129740–42.

  PARTNERS FOR LIFE, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 3July1912;
    J170920–22.

  THE PASS KEY. © S. Lubin; 4Jan1909; H121219.

  PASSENGERS EMBARKING FROM S. S. “AUGUSTA VICTORIA,” AT BEYROUTH. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 11June1903; H32509.

  THE PASSER-BY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 21June1912;
    J170530–33.

  THE PASSING OF A GROUCH. © Biograph Co.; 1c 5Nov1910; J147353.

  THE PASSING OF J. B. RANDELL AND COMPANY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A.
    Edison, Inc.; 6Feb1912; J166385–88.

  THE PASSION FLOWER, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 29May1912;
    J169935–37.

  PAT CLANCY’S ADVENTURE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    23Dec1911; J164314–17.

  THE PATENT HOUSEKEEPER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    9Mar1912; J167228–31.

  THE PATENT MEDICINE MAN. SEE Indian Bitters.

  PATERSON [N. J.] FIRE, SHOWING THE Y.M.C.A. AND LIBRARY. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 17Feb1902; H14289.

  THE PATIENCE OF MISS JOB, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 27Aug1909;
    J131246–48.

  THE PATRIOT; or, THE HORRORS OF WAR. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    24June1908; H112279.

  PA-U RIDERS, HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. © Thomas A. Edison; 13Nov1906; H85060.

  PAUL J. RAINEY’S AFRICAN HUNT, parts 1–13. © Carl Laemmle 1c
    22Apr1912; J168443

  THE PAWNBROKER. © S. Lubin; 21July1908; H113738.

  PAWTUCKET FIRE DEPARTMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5Dec1903; H38865.

  THE PAY TRAIN ROBBERY. © S. Lubin; 20Nov1907; H102690.

  THE PAYMASTER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23June1906;
    H79818.

  PEACE ENVOYS AT PORTSMOUTH, N. H. [Russo-Japanese Peace Conference]. ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15Aug1905; H64599.

  THE PEACH-BASKET HAT. © Biograph Co.; 24June1909; H128739.

  PEACHES AND CREAM. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 16Feb1909; H122982.

  THE PEASANT GIRL’S LOYALTY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 14Nov1908;
    H118279.

  PEDLAR PALMER AND TERRY MCGOVERN FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of the Pedlar
    Palmer and Terry McGovern Fight.

  PEEPING TOM IN THE DRESSING ROOM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9May1905; H60655.

  PEG WOFFINGTON, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 26July1910; J143675–78.

  PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, WASHINGTON. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Apr1897; 24889.

  PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, WASHINGTON, D. C. [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 11Feb1897; 10692.

  PENNSYLVANIA MONUMENT AT FORT MAHONE NEAR PETERSBURG, VA. © Columbia
    Photograph Co.; 18Dec1909; J136000.

  PA. R. R. CLIFFS, JERSEY CITY. © American Mutoscope Co.; 19Dec1896;
    69086.

  PA. R. R., HATTONSFIELD. © American Mutoscope Co.; 19Dec1896; 69087.

  PA. R. R. LIMITED EXPRESS. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896; 68810.

  PENNSYLVANIA R. R., NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    7Jan1897; 3534.

  PA. R. R. TRAIN NEAR PHILA. © American Mutoscope Co.; 19Dec1896;
    69090.

  PENNSYLVANIA STATE MILITIA, DOUBLE TIME. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Jan1897;
    3847.

  PENNSYLVANIA STATE MILITIA, SINGLE TIME. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Jan1897;
    3844.

  PENNSYLVANIA STATE POLICE, TROOP B, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 26June1912; J170930–33.

  PENNSYLVANIA TUNNEL EXCAVATION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    30Aug1905; H65053.

  PERCY LEARNS TO DANCE. © Imp Films Co.; 16Mar1912; J167235.

  PERCY THE MASHER. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 2Dec1911; J163160.

      On same reel with Bill Taft.

  THE PERIL. © Imp Films Co.; 30May1912; J169922.

  A PERILOUS PROCEEDING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Apr1902;
    H16639

  A PERILOUS RIDE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 25Nov1911;
    J164338–41.

  THE PERPETUAL PROPOSAL; or, AN ARDENT WOOER. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 11Feb1909; H122837.

  PERSISTENCY WINS. © S. Lubin; 30Oct1908; H117628.

  A PERSISTENT ACTOR. © S. Lubin; 9Mar1908; H107123.

  PERSISTENT JANE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 18May1909; H127189.

  A PERSISTENT SUITOR, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 30Dec1908;
    H120840–41.

  THE PERSISTENT TROMBONIST. © S. Lubin; 5Aug1908; H114297.

  PERSONAL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 29June1904; H47623.

  A PERSONAL AFFAIR, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 15May1912;
    J169442–45.

  PERSONALLY CONDUCTED, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 16Mar1912;
    J167306–09.

  PETER MAHER AND KID MCCOY FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of the Peter Maher
    and Kid McCoy Fight.

  PETTICOAT LANE ON SUNDAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    28Nov1904; H53768.

  A PHENOMENAL CONTORTIONIST. © Thomas A. Edison; 11Nov1901; H10635.

  PHILADELPHIA EXPRESS, JERSEY CENTRAL RAILWAY. © Thomas A. Edison;
    31July1897; 43412.

  PHILADELPHIA NEW YEAR SHOOTERS. © S. Lubin; 5Jan1907; H88663.

  PHILADELPHIA, THE CRADLE OF LIBERTY. © S. Lubin; 18June1908; H112077.

  PHOEBE SNOW, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison; 28Nov1905; H69139–41.

  THE PHOTOGRAPH HABIT. © S. Lubin; 19Jan1909; H121759.

  PHOTOGRAPHED FOR THE ROGUE’S GALLERY. © S. Lubin; 23May1905; H61275.

  PHOTOGRAPHER’S MISHAP. © S. Lubin; 11Mar1901; H1859.

  THE PHOTOGRAPHER’S MISHAP. © Thomas A. Edison; 31July1901; H7329.

  PHOTOGRAPHING A COUNTRY COUPLE. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Aug1901; H7639.

  PHOTOGRAPHING A FEMALE CROOK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2Feb1904; H41754.

  THE PHYSICAL CULTURE GIRL. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Oct1903; H36499.

  THE PHYSICAL CULTURE GIRL, no. 1–3. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 21July1903; H33644–46.

  PHYSICAL CULTURE LESSON. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    1June1906; H78531.

  THE PICKANINNY AND THE PUP, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24Aug1910;
    J145948–49.

  PICKING ORANGES. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13557.

  THE PICKPOCKET. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Dec1903;
    H39217.

  THE PICTURE THE PHOTOGRAPHER TOOK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 12Jan1904; H40806.

  PICTURES INCIDENTAL TO YACHT RACE [America’s Cup Races: Columbia and
    Shamrock I]. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Nov1899; 72833.

  PICTURESQUE DARJEELING, INDIA, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    13July1912; J171190–93.

  PIE EATING CONTEST. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60593.

  PIE, TRAMP AND THE BULLDOG. © Thomas A. Edison; 6May1901; H4087.

  A PIECE OF AMBERGRIS. © Imp Films Co.; 27Apr1912; J168739.

  A PIECE OF LACE, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 3June1910; J142088–92.

  PIERROT, MURDERER. © L. Gaumont & Co.; 18Apr1904; H44521.

  PIERROT’S PROBLEM. American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Apr1902;
    H16338.

  THE PIG THAT CAME TO LIFE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Sept1904; H50326.

  PIGEON FARM AT LOS ANGELES, CAL. © Thomas A. Edison; 19Dec1901;
    H11747.

  PIGS IS PIGS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 14Dec1910; J149481–84.

  THE PIKER’S DREAM; a race track fantasy. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 23Sept1907, H99942.

  PILE DRIVING, WASHINGTON NAVY YARD [Washington, D. C.] © Thomas A.
    Edison; 11Feb1897; 10691.

  A PILLOW FIGHT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15May1902;
    H17629.

  PILLOW FIGHT. © Thomas A. Edison; 24May1897; 31242.

  THE PILLOW FIGHT, no. 2. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    20June1905; H62445.

  PILOT BOATS IN NEW YORK HARBOR. © Thomas A. Edison; 22Apr1899; 27966.

  PILOT LEAVING “PRINZESSEN VICTORIA LUISE” AT SANDY HOOK. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 8Apr1903; H30402.

  PIONEERS CROSSING THE PLAINS IN ’49, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    6July1908; H113148–52.

  A PIPE DREAM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 29June1905; H62751.

  PIPE DREAMS. © S. Lubin; 22Jan1908; H105391.

  A PIPE FOR A CIGAR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23Mar1904;
    H43624.

  A PIPE STORY OF THE FOURTH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    27Sept1902; H22094.

  THE PIRATES. © S. Lubin; 5Apr1905; H58894.

  THE PIRATE’S GOLD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Nov1908;
    H117952.

  THE PIRATES’ TREASURE; or, A SAILOR’S LOVE STORY. © The Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 29Apr1907; H93091.

  PITY THE BLIND, no. 2. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2Feb1904;
    H41755.

  PLAIN MAME; or, ALL THAT GLITTERS IS NOT GOLD. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 29Apr1909; H126308.

  A PLAIN SONG. © Biograph Co.; 1c 1Dec1910; J148441.

  THE PLANTER’S WIFE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Oct1908;
    H117027.

  A PLATE OF ICE CREAM AND TWO SPOONS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 22Jan1903; H27379.

  PLAY BALL ON THE BEACH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    1June1906; H78529.

  THE PLAY OF LA DAME AUX CAMELIAS WITH MME. SARAH BERNHARDT AS
    PRINCIPAL ARTIST. SEE La Dame Aux Camelias. J166636.

  THE PLAY OF MME. SANS-GENE WITH MME. REJANE AS PRINCIPAL CHARACTER.
    SEE Mme. Sans-Gene. J166637.

  PLAYING THE GAME. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 6Jan1912; J164088.

      On same reel with Back To His Own Home Town.

  PLAYMATES, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 2Mar1908; H106871–73.

  PLEASE HELP THE BLIND; or, A GAME OF GRAFT. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 5Mar1906; H74238.

  PLEASE REMIT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 6Jan1912;
    J164560–63.

  THE PLOT THAT FAILED. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 12June1909;
    H128247.

  POCAHONTAS, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 1Oct1908; H116395–400.

  A POET’S REVENGE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902;
    H24890.

  POINTING DOWN GORGE, NIAGARA FALLS. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    7Jan1897; 3548.

  THE POISONED BOUQUET; an Italian tragedy of the XV century. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 6Aug1908; H114323.

  THE POISONED PILLS. SEE A Husband’s Revenge.

  POKER AT DAWSON CITY [Alaska Gold Rush]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    17Feb1899; 13536.

  POKER IN THE WEST. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75814.

  POLE VAULTING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Apr1902; H16729.

  POLICE BOATS ESCORTING NAVAL PARADE [Spanish-American War; New York
    City Welcome to Admiral Sampson’s Fleet after Battle of Santiago
    Bay]. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52046.

  THE POLICE FORCE OF NEW YORK CITY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    20Dec1910; J149823–26.

  POLICE PATROL WAGON. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Jan1897; 3843.

  POLICE RAID AT A DOG FIGHT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9Feb1906; H73112.

  A POLICEMAN FOR AN HOUR. © S. Lubin; 21July1908; H113742.

  POLICEMAN’S PALL [sic]. © S. Lubin; 27May1905; H61364.

  POLICEMEN’S PRANK ON THEIR COMRADES. © Thomas A. Edison; 8July1903;
    H33294.

  POLISH AND PIE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 5July1911;
    J157541–44.

  POLITICIAN’S LOVE STORY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18Feb1909; H123061.

  POLLYWOGS 71ST REGIMENT, N. G. S. N. Y., INITIATING RAW RECRUITS. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 13July1904; H47969.

  POLO GAME: MYOPIA VS. DEDHAM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Sept1903; H35632.

  POMPEY’S HONEY GIRL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15July1905;
    H63377.

  PONTOON BRIDGE BUILDING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9Dec1902; H24898.

  THE PONY EXPRESS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 13May1909;
    H126947–50.

  POOR ALGY, scenes 1–7. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Oct1905; H67939–45.

  POOR GIRL, IT WAS A HOT NIGHT AND THE MOSQUITOS WERE THICK. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Sept1903; H35642.

  POOR HOOLIGAN, SO HUNGRY TOO. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2Nov1903; H37474.

  POOR JOHN. © Belcher & Waterson; 1Feb1907; H90029.

  THE POOR MUSICIAN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 11Feb1909; H122838.

  A POOR PLACE FOR LOVE MAKING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    15July1905; H63383.

  THE POOR SICK MEN. © Biograph Co.; 1c 27Jan1911; J151208.

  POPE LEO XIII. © American Mutoscope Co.

      No. 31–56. © 28Nov1898; 69155–69180.

      No. 57–82. © 28Nov1898; 73533–73558.

      No. 100–107. © 15Dec1898; 73559–73566.

  POPE LEO XIII AND COUNT PECCI, no. 1. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    22Nov1898; 68157.

  POPE LEO XIII APPROACHING GARDEN SEAT. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    7Nov1898; 65480.

  POPE LEO XIII ATTENDED BY GUARD. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Nov1898;
    65484.

  POPE LEO [XIII] BLESSING IN THE GARDEN. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    7Nov1898; 65482.

  POPE LEO XIII GIVING BLESSING FROM CHAIR. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    7Nov1898; 65479.

  POPE LEO XIII IN CARRIAGE. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Nov1898; 65485.

  POPE LEO XIII IN CARRIAGE, no. 1. © American Mutoscope Co.; 22Nov1898;
    68154.

  POPE LEO XIII IN CHAIR, no. 1. © American Mutoscope Co.; 22Nov1898;
    68156.

  POPE [LEO XIII] IN HIS CARRIAGE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Sept1903; H35643.

  POPE LEO XIII IN SEDAN CHAIR, no. 1. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    22Nov1898; 68152.

  POPE LEO XIII IN VATICAN GARDEN, no. 1. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    22Nov1898; 68151.

  POPE [LEO XIII] PASSING THROUGH UPPER LOGGIA. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 12Sept1903; H35633.

  POPE LEO XIII PASSING THROUGH UPPER LOGGIA, no. 1. © American
    Mutoscope Co.; 22Nov1898; 68153.

  POPE LEO XIII PREPARING TO GIVE BLESSING FROM CHAIR. © American
    Mutoscope Co.; 7Nov1898; 65478.

  POPE LEO XIII SEATED IN GARDEN. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Nov1898;
    65481.

  POPE LEO XIII WALKING AT TWILIGHT, no. 1. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    22Nov1898; 68155.

  POPE LEO [XIII] WALKING IN THE GARDEN. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    7Nov1898; 65483.

  THE POROUS PLASTER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Dec1903;
    H38862.

  PORTUGEE JOE. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 29June1912; J170642.

  POST NO BILLS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 17Jan1906; H72024.

  THE POST TELEGRAPHER, parts 1–2. © New York Motion Picture Co., Inc.;
    1May1912; J168859.

  THE POSTER GIRLS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26Apr1902;
    H17039.

  POST MAN DELIVERING MAIL, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 22Aug1903; H34984.

  POSTMAN WHITEWASHED. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18June1904;
    H47316.

  A POTATO BAKE IN THE WOODS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9Dec1902; H24885.

  THE POUTING MODEL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12June1902;
    H18894.

  THE POWER OF AUTHORITY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Jan1904; H40751.

  THE POWER OF CONSCIENCE. © Imp Films Co.; 1Feb1912; J165166.

  THE POWER OF DESTRUCTION, parts 1–3. Société Francaise des Films &
    Cinematographes “Eclair,” Paris; 1c 17July1912; J171703.

  THE POWER OF LOVE, parts 1–2. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 24Apr1912;
    J168562–63.

  PRANKS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 31Aug1909; J131132.

  THE PRENTIS TRIO. © Thomas A. Edison; 4Aug1899; 50476.

  PRESIDENT MCKINLEY LEAVING OBSERVATORY, MT. TOM, HOLYOKE, MASS. ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Apr1902; H16349.

  PRESIDENT MCKINLEY AND ESCORT GOING TO THE CAPITOL [McKinley
    Inauguration]. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Mar1901; H1795.

  PRESIDENT MCKINLEY REVIEWING THE TROOPS AT THE PAN-AMERICAN
    EXPOSITION. © Thomas A. Edison; 11Sept1901; H8588.

  PRESIDENT MCKINLEY TAKING THE OATH [McKinley Inauguration]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 8Mar1901; H1794.

  PRESIDENT MCKINLEY’S FUNERAL CORTEGE AT BUFFALO, N. Y. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 21Sept1901; H8914.

  PRESIDENT MCKINLEY’S FUNERAL CORTEGE AT WASHINGTON, D. C. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 21Sept1901; H8915.

  PRESIDENT MCKINLEY’S SPEECH AT THE PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 11Sept1901; H8589.

  PRESIDENT REVIEWING SCHOOL CHILDREN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 4June1903; H32393.

  PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT ADDRESSING CREW OF “KEARSARGE.” © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Jan1905; H55389.

  PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT AND THE ROUGH RIDERS [Spanish-American War]. ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Jan1903; H27385.

  PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT AT LYNN, MASS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 9Dec1902; H24895.

  PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT AT THE CANTON STATION [President McKinley’s
    Funeral, Canton, Ohio]. © Thomas A. Edison; 26Sept1901; H9085.

  PRES. ROOSEVELT AT THE DEDICATION CEREMONIES, ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
    [Louisiana Purchase Exposition]. © William N. Selig; 6May1903;
    H31552.

  PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT CROSSING THE FIELD. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 10Apr1902; H16354.

  PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT REVIEWING THE TROOPS AT CHARLESTON EXPOSITION
    [South Carolina]. © Thomas A. Edison; 18Apr1902; H16715.

  PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT’S ARRIVAL AT “KEARSARGE.” © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 3Jan1905; H55391.

  PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT’S DEPARTURE FROM “KEARSARGE.” © American Mutoscope
    & Biograph Co.; 3Jan1905; H55390.

  PRES. ROOSEVELT’S FOURTH OF JULY ORATION. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 15July1903; H33456.

  PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT’S HOMECOMING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12July1904; H47935.

  PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT’S INAUGURATION. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Mar1905;
    H57365.

  PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT’S VISIT TO ADMIRAL BARKER. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 3Jan1905; H55400.

  THE PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES 1909. © S. Lubin; 17Oct1908; H117120.

  PRESIDENTIAL POSSIBILITIES. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 8June1912;
    J170068.

  THE PRESIDENT’S CARRIAGE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    4June1903; H32392.

  THE PRESIDENT’S SPECIAL, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 15Feb1910;
    J138351–54.

  THE PRESS GANG. © S. Lubin; 18Sept1908; H115821.

  THE PRESS GANG; a romance of time of King George III. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 20July1908; H113632.

  UN PRÊTÉ POUR UN RENDU; ou, UNE BONNE FARCE AVEC MA TÊTE. © Geo.
    Méliès; 28Jan1904; H41415.

  THE PRICE OF A KISS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Apr1902;
    H16381.

  PRICE OF A KISS: THE BARBER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Dec1904; H54343.

  THE PRICE OF A MAN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 4July1911;
    J157076–79.

  THE PRICE OF A SOUL, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 13Aug1909;
    J130767–70.

  THE PRICE OF VICTORY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24Feb1911;
    J152602–05.

  THE PRICE SHE PAID; or, A FATAL PRACTICAL JOKE, parts 1–2. © P. A.
    Powers; 1c 2Apr1912; J168004–05.

  THE PRIMA DONNA’S UNDERSTUDY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    28Feb1905; H57146.

  THE PRIMAL CALL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 24June1911; J156920.

  PRIMITIVE IRRIGATION IN EGYPT. © Thomas A. Edison; 17June1903; H32798.

  THE PRINCE AND THE PAUPER, scenes 1–7. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 3Aug1909;
    J130507–13.

  PRINCE HENRY [OF PRUSSIA] ARRIVING AT WEST POINT. © Thomas A. Edison;
    13Mar1902; H14854.

  PRINCE HENRY [OF PRUSSIA] ARRIVING IN WASHINGTON AND VISITING THE
    GERMAN EMBASSY. © Thomas A. Edison; 28Feb1902; H14547.

  PRINCE HENRY [OF PRUSSIA] AT LINCOLN’S MONUMENT, CHICAGO, ILL. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 12Mar1902; H14821.

  PRINCE HENRY [OF PRUSSIA] AT NIAGARA FALLS. © Thomas A. Edison;
    13Mar1902; H14853.

  PRINCE HENRY [OF PRUSSIA] AT WEST POINT. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 8July1903; H33284.

  PRINCE HENRY [OF PRUSSIA] REVIEWING THE CADETS AT WEST POINT. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 13Mar1902; H14855.

  PRINCE HENRY [OF PRUSSIA] VISITING CAMBRIDGE, MASS. AND HARVARD
    UNIVERSITY. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Mar1902; H14822.

  THE PRINCE OF DARKNESS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    7June1902; H18746.

  THE PRINCESS AND THE PEASANT, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    17May1910; J141646–49.

  THE PRINCESS IN THE VASE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    25Feb1908; H106575.

  PRINCESS NICOTINE; or, THE SMOKE FAIRY. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 10Aug1909; J130638.

  PRINCESS RAJAH DANCE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3June1904;
    H46819.

  PRINCETON AND YALE FOOTBALL GAME. © Thomas A. Edison; 19Nov1903;
    H38332.

  PRISCILLA AND THE UMBRELLA. © Biograph Co.; 1c 5Apr1911; J153845.

  PRISCILLA’S APRIL FOOL JOKE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 28Mar1911; J153535.

  PRISCILLA’S CAPTURE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 1Mar1912; J166794.

  PRISCILLA’S ENGAGEMENT KISS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 13Feb1911; J151958.

  THE PRISONER OF WAR, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 14June1912;
    J170315–17.

  PRIVATE BROWN. © Centaur Film Co.; 10June1909; H128175.

  A PRIVATE SUPPER AT HELLAR’S [i.e. HELLER’S]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902; H24888.

  PRIZE FIGHT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Oct1902; H22555.

  PRIZE WINNERS AT THE COUNTRY FAIR. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Dec1901;
    H11490.

  PROCESSION OF FLOATS. © Thomas A. Edison; 10Mar1898; 16425.

  PROCESSION OF FLOATS AND MASQUERADERS AT NICE CARNIVAL. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 8Apr1903; H30409.

  PROCESSION OF MOUNTED INDIANS AND COWBOYS. © Thomas A. Edison;
    24Feb1898; 13550.

  THE PRODIGAL SON UP-TO-DATE. SEE A Fool and His Money are Soon Parted.

  THE PRODIGAL’S RETURN, 3 A. M., no. 107. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    4Feb1897; 9245.

  PROFESSIONAL HANDICAP BICYCLE RACE. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Aug1901;
    H7637.

  THE PROFESSOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Nov1903; H38152.

  THE PROFESSOR. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 21Dec1911; J163637.

  THE PROFESSOR AND THE NEW HAT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    23Aug1911; J158920–23.

  PROFESSOR FIX FIXED, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 29May1909;
    H127785–87.

  THE PROFESSOR OF THE DRAMA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11June1903; H32502.

  THE PROFESSOR’S TRIP TO THE COUNTRY; or, A CASE OF MISTAKEN IDENTITY.
    © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 19Sept1908; H115854.

  PROJECTILE FROM TEN INCH DISAPPEARING GUN STRIKING WATER, SANDY HOOK,
    no. 131. © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9268.

  PROJECTILE FROM 10 INCH GUN STRIKING WATER. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903; H30722.

  THE PROMISE! HENRI PROMISES NEVER TO GAMBLE AGAIN. © The Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 29July1908; H113973.

  THE PROPHETESS OF THEBES. © Geo. Méliès; 24Mar1908; H107867.

  THE PROPOSAL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 5Nov1910; J147352.

  THE PROSPECTORS; a romance of the gold fields. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 1June1906; H78523.

  THE PROVIDENCE LIGHT ARTILLERY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    8Oct1903; H36633.

  THE PRUSSIAN SPY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 1Mar1909;
    H123540.

  PULL DOWN THE CURTAINS, SUSIE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Jan1904; H40803.

  PULL FOR THE SHORE, SAILOR, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    1Dec1911; J164334–37.

  PULLING OFF THE BED CLOTHES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19May1903; H32001.

  PUMPKIN EATER. © Paley & Steiner; 2Dec1904; H53977.

  THE PUNISHMENT. © Biograph Co.; 1c 5Apr1912; J167862.

  PURCHASING AN AUTOMOBILE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 6Aug1907;
    H97723.

  THE PURGATION. © Biograph Co.; 1c 6July1910; J142946.

  PURGATORY, parts 1–2. © National Film Distributing Co.; 1c 1Feb1912;
    J166024–25.

  PURITAN DAYS IN AMERICA. SEE The White Man’s First Smoke.

  THE PURSUIT OF A SUIT. © S. Lubin; 16Mar1908; H107542.

  PUSS IN BOOTS. © S. Lubin; 1May1903; H31303.

  PUSSY’S BATH. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3545.

  PUTTING UP THE SWING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26Oct1904;
    H52101.

  PUZZLE-MAD. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 26Apr1909; H126163.


                                   Q

  QUAIL SHOOTING AT PINEHURST. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Jan1906; H71526.

  THE QUARREL ON THE CLIFF, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    12May1911; J155650–53.

  THE QUARRELSOME WASHERWOMAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Sept1904; H50324.

  A QUARTER AFTER TWO. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 13July1911;
    J157341.

  QUEBEC FIRE DEPT. ON RUNNERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    31Dec1902; H25958.

  QUEEN ELIZABETH, 3 parts. © Engadine Amusement Co.; 1c 22July1912;
    J171705.

  QUEEN OF CRIMINALS, parts 1–4. © R. Prieur; 1c 13Mar1912; J167140–43.

  A QUEEN OF THE BURLESQUE, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 11Feb1910;
    J138281–82.

  THE QUEEN OF THE RANCH. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 20Mar1909; H124445.

  QUEEN VICTORIA’S FUNERAL, nos. 1–3. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 16Feb1901; H1311–13.

  THE QUESTION MARK, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 23Aug1911;
    J158924–27.

  A QUESTION OF SECONDS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    13Jan1912; J165019–22.

  A QUICK RECOVERY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Apr1902;
    H16731.

  QUICK WORK FOR THE SOUBRETTES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18Feb1904; H42240.


                                   R

  A RACE FOR A KISS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Nov1904;
    H53769.

  A RACE FOR A WIFE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 4Oct1906; H83437.

  A RACE FOR LOVE. SEE The Trainer’s Daughter.

  A RACE FOR MILLIONS, scenes 1–9. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Sept1907;
    H100079–87.

  THE RACE FOR THE VITAGRAPH CUP AND HOW IT WAS WON. SEE An Auto
    Heroine.

  RACE IN SAVANNAH. © Imp Films Co.; 17Feb1912; J166700.

  RACING AT SHEEPSHEAD BAY. © Thomas A. Edison; 31Jul1897; 43414.

  THE RACING CHUTES AT DREAMLAND [Coney Island]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 28July1904; H48625.

  RACING FOR A TOW. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Aug1903;
    H35100.

  RAFFLES, THE AMATEUR CRACKSMAN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    23Aug1905; H64825.

  RAFFLES, THE DOG. © Thomas A. Edison; 30June1905; H62774.

  A RAID ON A COCK FIGHT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Feb1906;
    H73109.

  RAID ON A COINER’S DEN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23June1904; H47463.

  RAILROAD PANORAMA NEAR SPANISHTOWN, JAMAICA. © Thomas A. Edison;
    8Apr1903; H30396.

  RAILROAD SMASHUP. © Thomas A. Edison; 19Sept1904; H50587.

  RAILROAD VIEW—EXPERIMENTAL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13Aug1903; H34516.

  RAILWAY STATION AT YOKOHAMA. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38228.

  A RAILWAY TRAGEDY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Oct1904;
    H51118.

  THE RAIN-DEAR. © S. Lubin; 10Dec1908; H119480.

  THE RAINMAKER. © S. Lubin; 1Aug1908; H114117.

  RAINMAKERS. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60594.

  RAISING OLD GLORY OVER MORRO CASTLE [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 4Feb1899; 10651.

  THE RAJAH, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 14Feb1911; J152131–34.

  RAMONA. © Biograph Co.; 1c 26May1910; J141683.

  THE RANSOM OF RED CHIEF, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 15Feb1911;
    J152598–601.

  RANSON’S FOLLY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 1Mar1910; J138818–21.

  RAPIDS ABOVE AMERICAN FALLS [Niagara Falls]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    12Dec1896; 67879.

  RAPIDS BELOW SUSPENSION BRIDGE [Niagara Falls]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    17Feb1899; 13537.

  THE RAT TRAP PICKPOCKET DETECTOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Nov1905; H68183.

  RAZING A BRICK BUILDING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    8May1902; H17491.

  RAZZLE DAZZLE. © Thomas A. Edison; 8July1903; H33296.

  READING THE DEATH SENTENCE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    15Dec1905; H70057.

  READING THE PROCLAMATION AT ST. JAMES PALACE [King Edward VII,
    England]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Feb1901; H1057.

  READY IN A MINUTE, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 22Apr1910;
    J140911–13.

  REALISM. SEE The Starving Artist.

  RECEDING VIEW, BLACK DIAMOND EXPRESS. © Thomas A. Edison.

      © 21Apr1897; 24890.

      © 27Apr1897; 26111.

  RECEPTION FOR THE VICTORIOUS OLYMPIC TEAM OF AMERICAN ATHLETES AT CITY
    HALL, NEW YORK. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 8Sept1908; H115389.

  RECEPTION OF BRITISH FLEET. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13Nov1905; H68733.

  RECEPTION OF PRESIDENT TAFT IN PETERSBURG, VIRGINIA, MAY 19TH, 1909. ©
    Columbia Photograph Co.; 29July1909; J129814.

  THE RECKONING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Dec1908; H119108.

  THE RECREATION OF AN HEIRESS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 24Dec1910; J149493.

  RED CROSS AMBULANCE ON BATTLEFIELD [Boer War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    28Apr1900; D9115.

  THE RED CROSS SEAL, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 16Dec1910;
    J149477–80.

  THE RED GIRL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Sept1908; H115322.

  THE RED STAR INN. © Geo. Méliès; 17Nov1909; J133579.

  REDEEMED FROM SIN. © S. Lubin; 18Sept1908; H115825.

  REDEMPTION. © Eclair Film Co.; 1c 20Mar1912; J167296.

  THE REDMAN AND THE CHILD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22July1908; H113769.

  THE REDMAN’S VIEW. © Biograph Co.; 1c 11Dec1909; J135835.

  REFLECTIONS FROM THE FIRELIGHT. © Imp Films Co.; 12Feb1912; J166201.

  THE REFORM CANDIDATE, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 31Oct1911;
    J162477–79.

  REFORMING A HUSBAND. © S. Lubin; 5Feb1909; H122567.

  THE REHEARSAL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Oct1903; H37383.

  REILLY’S LIGHT BATTERY F. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5Sept1902; H21507.

  THE REJUVENATION OF A FOSSIL. SEE The Merry Widower.

  “RELIANCE” AND “SHAMROCK” III JOCKEYING AND STARTING IN FIRST RACE
    [America’s Cup Races]. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Aug1903; H35047.

  “RELIANCE” CROSSING THE LINE AND WINNING FIRST RACE [America’s Cup
    Races: Reliance and Shamrock III]. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Aug1903;
    H35048.

  “RELIANCE” VS. “SHAMROCK” III, AUG. 20 [America’s Cup Races]. ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Aug1903; H35095.

  THE RELIEF OF LUCKNOW, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    27July1912; J171949–51.

  THE RENUNCIATION. © Biograph Co.; 1c 21July1909; J129610.

  THE RENUNCIATION. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 24Oct1908; H117387.

  REPAIRING STREETS IN MEXICO. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13558.

  THE REPRIEVE; an episode in the life of Abraham Lincoln. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 12June1908; H111705.

  A REPRIEVE FROM THE SCAFFOLD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    15Dec1905; H70056.

  REPRODUCTION, CORONATION CEREMONIES—KING EDWARD VII. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Aug1902; H20562.

  REPRODUCTION, NAN PATERSON’S TRIAL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 3May1905; H60289.

  REPRODUCTION OF BURNS-PALMER FIGHT, LONDON (ENGLAND), FEBRUARY 10TH,
    1908. © S. Lubin; 15Feb1908; H106261.

  REPRODUCTION OF CORBETT-MCGOVERN FIGHT. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 2June1903; H32322.

  REPRODUCTION OF JEFFRIES-CORBETT CONTEST. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 22Sept1903; H36013.

  REPRODUCTION OF NELSON-GANS FIGHT. © S. Lubin; 17Aug1906; H82027.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE CORBETT AND JEFFRIES FIGHT. © Siegmund Lubin;
    17Nov1899; 75059.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE CORBETT AND MCCOY FIGHT. © Siegmund Lubin;
    28Aug1900; D18535.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE FITZSIMMONS AND SHARKEY FIGHT. © Siegmund Lubin;
    28Aug1900; D18534.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE FITZSIMMONS-JEFFRIES FIGHT IN ELEVEN ROUNDS
    SHOWING THE KNOCK OUT, no. 1–2. © S. Lubin; 12June1899; 38632–38633.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE JEFFRIES AND CORBETT FIGHT. © Siegmund Lubin.

      © 17Nov1899; 75060.

      © 21Apr1900; D8514.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE JEFFRIES AND RUHLIN FIGHT. © Siegmund Lubin;
    17Nov1899; 75062.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE JEFFRIES AND SHARKEY FIGHT. © Siegmund Lubin;
    9Sept1899; 57771.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE KID MCCOY AND PETER MAHER FIGHT. © Siegmund Lubin;
    21Nov1899; 76078.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE MCGOVERN AND DIXON FIGHT. © Siegmund Lubin;
    8Jan1900; D652.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE OLSEN AND ROEBER WRESTLING MATCH. © Siegmund
    Lubin; 24Mar1900; D6652.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE PEDLAR PALMER AND TERRY MCGOVERN FIGHT. © Siegmund
    Lubin; 8Sept1899; 57450.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE PETER MAHER AND KID MCCOY FIGHT. © Siegmund Lubin;
    21Nov1899; 76079.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE RUHLIN AND JEFFRIES FIGHT. © Siegmund Lubin;
    17Nov1899; 75061.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE SHARKEY AND FITZSIMMONS FIGHT. © Siegmund Lubin;
    7Mar1900; D5475.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE SHARKEY AND JEFFRIES FIGHT. © Siegmund Lubin;
    9Sept1899; 57770.

  REPRODUCTION OF THE TERRY MCGOVERN AND PEDLAR PALMER FIGHT. © Siegmund
    Lubin; 8Sept1899; 57449.

  THE RESCUE, CARE AND EDUCATION OF BLIND BABIES, scenes 1–4. © Thomas
    A. Edison, Inc.; 14Sept1912; J176507–10.

  RESCUE OF CHILD FROM INDIANS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    21Sept1903; H35877.

  RESCUE—RESUSCITATION. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60572.

  RESCUED BY CARLO. © S. Lubin; 31Mar1906; H75202.

  RESCUED BY ROVER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Aug1905;
    H64738.

  RESCUED BY WIRELESS. © Imp Films Co.; 15Apr1912; J168245.

  RESCUED FROM AN EAGLE’S NEST, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    16Jan1908; H105145–49.

  RESOURCEFUL LOVERS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 25Nov1911; J163175.

  RESPONDING TO AN ALARM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13July1903; H33415.

  THE RESTORATION. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10Nov1909; J134602.

  RESTORED BY REPENTENCE. © S. Lubin; 18Nov1908; H118459.

  RESURRECTION. © Biograph Co.; 19May1909; H127268.

  RESURRECTION. From the novel by Leo Tolstoy, with Blanche Walsh as
    Maslova, parts 1–4. © Masko Film Co.; 1c 8Aug1912; J172020–23.

  THE RESURRECTION OF JOHN, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.;
    5Apr1911; J153834–37.

  RETRIBUTION; or, THE BRAND OF CAIN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    2Apr1907; H92235.

  RETURN OF LIFEBOAT. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60576.

  RETURN OF MCKINLEY FROM THE CAPITOL [McKinley Inauguration]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 15Mar1897; 17412.

  RETURN OF 2ND REGIMENT OF NEW JERSEY [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 7Oct1898; 59212.

  RETURN OF TROOP C, BROOKLYN [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 12Oct1898; 60142.

  RETURNING FROM THE RACES. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38229.

  RETURNING TO CHINA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2July1903;
    H33208.

  REUBEN IN THE SUBWAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 20June1905;
    H62449.

  REUNITED BY THE SEA. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 29July1912; J171839.

  LE RÊVE D’UN MAITRE DE BALLET. © George Méliès; 4Dec1903; H38794.

  LE RÊVE DE L’HORLOGER. © George Méliès; 23Feb1904; H42527.

  LE REVENANT. © George Méliès; 12Oct1903; H37509.

  REVENGE! © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 1Oct1904; H51119.

  REVENGE IS SWEET, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 17July1912;
    J171552–55.

  THE REVENUE MAN AND THE GIRL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 27Sept1911; J160517.

  THE REVERSIBLE DIVERS. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Aug1901; H7987.

  REVIEW OF CADETS AT WEST POINT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13July1903; H33407.

  REVIEW OF CADETS, WEST POINT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    8July1903; H33283, H33287.

  REVIEW OF RUSSIAN ARTILLERY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Aug1903; H34820.

  REVIEWING THE “TEXAS” AT GRANT’S TOMB [Spanish-American War; New York
    City Welcome to Admiral Sampson’s Fleet after Battle of Santiago
    Bay]. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52048.

  REX’S BATH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Sept1902; H21501.

  REYNARD THE FOX. © Siegmund Lubin; 4May1903; H31341.

  RHODA ROYAL’S TRAINED HORSES. © Imp Films Co.; 9Mar1912; J167083.

  RHODE ISLAND LIGHT ARTILLERY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23July1904; H48418.

  A RICH REVENGE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 11Apr1910; 140366.

  RICHARD III; a Shakespearian tragedy. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    19Sept1908; H115853.

  RICKSHAW PARADE, JAPAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Apr1902; H16646.

  A RIDE THROUGH PACK SADDLE MOUNTAINS, PENNA. R. R. © Thomas A. Edison;
    7July1899; 44242.

  RIDERS OF THE PLAINS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 2Nov1910;
    J147323–26.

  THE RIGHT CLUE. © Imp Films Co.; 2Mar1912; J166892.

  THE RIGHT DECISION, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 8Mar1910;
    J139082–83.

  THE RIGHT OF THE SEIGNEUR. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 3Nov1908;
    H117825.

  THE RIGHT TO LABOR. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 13Mar1909; H123957.

  THE RIGHTS OF YOUTH, parts 1–2. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 26Apr1912;
    J168629–30.

  THE RINGMASTER’S WIFE. © S. Lubin; 20Nov1907; H102689.

  RIP. © George Méliès; 17Aug1905.

      1. La Taverne du Roi Georges III. H64663.

      2. Un Sentier Dans la Foret. H64664.

      3. La Foret. H64665.

      4. L’Hotel du Roi Georges. H64666.

  RIP AND THE DWARF. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902;
    H24875.

  RIP LEAVING SLEEPY HOLLOW. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9Dec1902; H24876.

  RIP LEAVING SLEEPY HOLLOW. © American Mutoscope Co.; 19Dec1896; 69088.

  RIP MEETING THE DWARF. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 29Dec1902;
    H25402.

  RIP MEETING THE DWARF. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896; 68804.

  RIP PASSING OVER HILL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 29Dec1902;
    H25405.

  RIP VAN WINKLE. © Siegmund Lubin; 28Apr1903; H31235.

  RIP VAN WINKLE, 2 parts. © Société Francaise des Films et
    Cinematographes “Eclair,” Paris; 1c 9July1912; J170893.

  RIP’S TOAST. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 29Dec1902; H25401.

  RIP’S TOAST. © American Mutoscope Co.; 19Dec1896; 69095.

  RIP’S TOAST TO HUDSON AND CREW. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    29Dec1902; H25403.

  RIP’S TOAST TO HUDSON AND CREW, no. 49. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    4Feb1897; 9236.

  RIP’S TWENTY YEARS’ SLEEP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    29Dec1902; H25404.

  RIP’S TWENTY YEARS’ SLEEP. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3551.

  THE RISE AND FALL OF WEARY WILLIE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 1Nov1911; J162449–52.

  THE RIVAL CANDIDATES, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 1Mar1911;
    J152744–47.

  THE RIVAL MODELS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Mar1904;
    H43566.

  THE RIVAL SCULPTORS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 21Feb1911;
    J152610–13.

  THE RIVALS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.

      © 31Dec1902; H25964.

      © 10Apr1903; H30437.

  THE RIVALS, scenes 1–8. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Sept1907; H99197-H99204.

  RIVALS FOR A WEEK. © S. Lubin; 29July1908; H113992.

  THE RIVER PIRATES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 20Sept1905;
    H65806.

  THE RIVER PIRATES. © S. Lubin; 18July1906; H80902.

  RIVER SCENE AT MACAO, CHINA. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38254.

  RIVERSIDE GEYSER, YELLOWSTONE PARK. © Thomas A. Edison; 24May1901;
    H4576.

  A ROAD SIDE INN. © George Méliès; 21May1906; H77983.

  A ROAD TO LOVE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 5May1909; H126609–12.

  THE ROAD TO THE HEART. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 31Mar1909;
    H125115.

  ROASTED CHESTNUTS. © S. Lubin; 20Sept1907; H99879.

  ROBBED OF HER ALL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 1Sept1905;
    H65079.

  THE ROBBERY OF THE CITIZENS’ BANK. © S. Lubin; 6July1908; H112822.

  ROBBIE’S PET RAT. © S. Lubin; 28May1908; H111140.

  ROBERT MACAIRE AND BERTRAND BEHIND THE SCENE. © Geo. Méliès; 5Jan1907;
    H88661.

  ROBIN HOOD, parts 1–3. © Société Francaise des Films & Cinematographes
    “Eclair”; 1c 8Aug1912; J172004.

  ROBINSON CRUSOE. © Siegmund Lubin; 1May1903; H31305.

  ROCK DRILL AT WORK IN SUBWAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10June1903; H32485.

  ROCK OF AGES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26May1902; H18126.

  THE ROCK OF AGES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Oct1903;
    H36562.

  ROCK OF AGES. © Thomas A. Edison; 31Oct1902; H23342.

  ROCKING GOLD IN THE KLONDIKE [Alaska Gold Rush]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    6May1901; H4088.

  THE ROCKY ROAD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 6Jan1910; J136775.

  ROEBER WRESTLING MATCH. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Dec1901; H11493.

  THE ROGUE’S GALLERY PHOTOGRAPHER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9June1904; H46950.

  ROGUES’ TRICKS. © George Méliès; 18Mar1907; H91552.

  LE ROI DU MAQUILLAGE. © George Méliès; 23Feb1904; H42524.

  THE ROLLER SKATE CRAZE. © William N. Selig; 9Aug1907; H97845.

  ROMANCE OF A GYPSY CAMP. © S. Lubin; 13June1908; H111811.

  ROMANCE OF A JEWESS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Oct1908;
    H117093.

  ROMANCE OF A WAR NURSE, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 18Aug1908;
    H114735–40.

  ROMANCE OF AN EGG. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26May1908;
    H111068.

  ROMANCE OF AN OLD MAID. © Imp Films Co.; 25Mar1912; J167491.

  ROMANCE OF AN UMBRELLA. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 28Sept1909;
    J132451.

  ROMANCE OF ENGINE 999. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 8Apr1909; H125497.

  THE ROMANCE OF HEFTY BURKE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 30Dec1910;
    J150727–30.

  A ROMANCE OF OLD MADRID, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28Jan1909;
    H122174–77.

  A ROMANCE OF OLD MEXICO. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 26May1909;
    H127597.

  A ROMANCE OF THE ALPS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 23Sept1908;
    H116065.

  A ROMANCE OF THE CLIFF DWELLERS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    29Dec1911; J164548–51.

  A ROMANCE OF THE FUR COUNTRY. © S. Lubin; 9Mar1908; H107118.

  A ROMANCE OF THE ICE FIELDS, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    18May1912; J169678–80.

  A ROMANCE OF THE RAIL. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Oct1903; H36500.

  A ROMANCE OF THE WESTERN HILLS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 13Apr1910; J140416.

  A ROMANY TRAGEDY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 1June1911; J156182.

  ROMEO AND JULIET; a romantic story of the ancient feud between the
    Italian houses of Montague and Capulet. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 26May1908; H111037.

  A ROMP ON THE LAWN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902;
    H24886.

  ROOMMATES. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 18May1909; H127190.

  ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN ONLY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    7Dec1905; H69580.

  ROOSEVELT IN AFRICA, scenes 1–20. © Cherry Kearton, Ltd.; 18Apr1910;
    J140192–211.

  ROOSEVELT’S ROUGH RIDERS [Spanish-American War]. © American Mutoscope
    & Biograph Co.; 18June1903; H32832.

  ROOSEVELT’S ROUGH RIDERS EMBARKING FOR SANTIAGO [Spanish-American
    War]. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38238.

  ROOT AND GARDNER. SEE Light Heavyweight Championship Contest Between
    Root and Gardner.

  THE ROOT OF EVIL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Mar1912; J167176.

  THE ROSE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13Aug1903; H34518.

  ROSE CARNIVAL. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 31July1912; J171726.

  ROSE O’ SALEM-TOWN. © Biograph Co.; 1c 27Sept1910; J145818.

  THE ROSE OF CALIFORNIA. © Imp Films Co.; 29Feb1912; J166788.

  THE ROSE OF KENTUCKY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 26Aug1911; J159452.

  A ROSE OF THE TENDERLOIN, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 23Nov1909;
    J135182–85.

  THE ROUE’S HEART. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Mar1909;
    H123744.

  ROUGH HOUSE IN A NEW YORK HONKY-TONK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 3May1905; H60293.

  A ROUND-UP IN OKLAHOMA. © Oklahoma Natural Mutoscene Co.; 28Dec1908;
    H120452.

  THE ROUND-UP, PENDLETON, OREGON. © William H. Harbeck; 30Oct1911;
    J163088.

  ROUNDING UP AND BRANDING CATTLE. © Thomas A. Edison; 18May1904;
    H46140.

  ROUNDING UP OF THE “YEGGMEN.” © Thomas A. Edison; 16Sept1904; H50552.

  ROUT OF THE FILIPINOS [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    10June1899; 38514.

  ROUTING MAIL, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Aug1903;
    H34979.

  ROWDY AND HIS NEW PAL, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 6Apr1912;
    J168036–38.

  ROYAL GORGE [Colorado]. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13565.

  ROYAL TRAIN WITH DUKE AND DUCHESS OF YORK, CLIMBING MT. HECTOR. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 29Nov1901; H10871.

  LE ROYAUME DES FÉES. SEE The Fairyland.

  RUBE AND FENDER. © Thomas A. Edison; 1Sept1903; H35326.

  RUBE AND MANDY AT CONEY ISLAND. © Thomas A. Edison; 13Aug1903; H34528.

  A RUBE COUPLE AT A COUNTY FAIR. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Oct1904; H52013.

  RUBE GOES TO COLLEGE. © S. Lubin; 16Mar1908; H107543.

  RUBE IN AN OPIUM JOINT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    29June1905; H62752.

  A RUBE IN THE SUBWAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15June1905;
    H61988.

  RUBES IN THE THEATRE. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Sept1901; H8694.

  A RUDE AWAKENING. © Geo. Méliès; 10Oct1908; H116786.

  A RUDE HOSTESS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 31Mar1909;
    H125116.

  RUHLIN AND JEFFRIES FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of the Ruhlin and Jeffries
    Fight.

  RUHLIN IN HIS TRAINING QUARTERS. © Thomas A. Edison; 2Dec1901; H10906.

  RUINS OF CITY HALL, PATERSON [N. J.] © Thomas A. Edison; 17Feb1902;
    H14290.

  A RUN OF LUCK. SEE The 100 to 1 Shot.

  RUN OF N. Y. FIRE DEPARTMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19May1903; H32002.

  RUNAWAY IN THE PARK. © Thomas A. Edison; 2Nov1896; 60397.

  RUNAWAY MATCH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 1Dec1903; H38686.

  RUNNING THROUGH GALLITZEN TUNNEL, PENNA. R. R. © Thomas A. Edison;
    7July1899; 44244.

  A RURAL ELOPEMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Jan1909;
    H121530.

  A RURAL TRAGEDY, scenes 1–8. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 16June1909;
    H128426–33.

  RURAL WAGON DELIVERING MAIL, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 22Aug1903; H34981.

  RURAL WAGON GIVING MAIL TO BRANCH, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 22Aug1903; H34983.

  RUSSIAN SHARP SHOOTERS [Russo-Japanese War]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 17Mar1904; H43405.

  A RUSTIC HEROINE; or, IN THE DAYS OF KING GEORGE. © The Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 24June1908; H112280.

  RUY BLAS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 11Jan1909; H121462.


                                   S

  S. S. “CHIPPEWA.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12June1902;
    H18891.

  S. S. “COLUMBIA” SAILING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9Dec1902; H24880.

  S. S. “COPTIC.” © Thomas A. Edison; 21Apr1898; 25332.

  S. S. “COPTIC” AT DOCK. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60580.

  S. S. “COPTIC” COALING. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38231.

  S. S. “COPTIC” IN THE HARBOR. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60581.

  S. S. “COPTIC” LYING TO. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Apr1898; 25331.

  S. S. “COPTIC” RUNNING AGAINST THE STORM. © Thomas A. Edison;
    21Apr1898; 25333.

  S. S. “COPTIC” RUNNING BEFORE A GALE. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Dec1898;
    75820.

  S. S. “COPTIC” SAILING AWAY. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60582.

  THE S. S. “DEUTSCHLAND” IN A STORM. © Thomas A. Edison; 25June1902;
    H19314.

  THE S. S. “DEUTSCHLAND” IN A STORM, no. 2. © Thomas A. Edison;
    25June1902; H19316.

  S. S. “DEUTSCHLAND” IN HEAVY SEA. © Thomas A. Edison; 25June1902;
    H19318.

  S. S. “DEUTSCHLAND” LEAVING HER DOCK IN HOBOKEN. © Thomas A. Edison;
    25June1902; H19317.

  S. S. “DORIC.” © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38216.

  S. S. “DORIC” IN MID-OCEAN. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38224.

  S. S. “GAELIC.” © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38221.

  S. S. “GAELIC” AT NAGASAKI. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38255.

  S. S. “KINAU” LANDING PASSENGERS, LAUPAHOIHOI, H. I.; © Thomas A.
    Edison; 13Nov1906; H85054.

  S. S. “KINAU” LANDING PASSENGERS, MAHUKONA, HAWAII. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 11Aug1906; H81957.

  S. S. “MORRO CASTLE.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Feb1904;
    H42802.

  S. S. “QUEEN” LEAVING DOCK. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60555.

  S. S. “QUEEN” LOADING. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60557.

  S. S. “WILLIAMETTE” LEAVING FOR KLONDIKE [Alaska Gold Rush]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60556.

  S. S. ... SEE ALSO Steamship.

  SACK RACE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11June1903; H32497.

  SACK RACE AT NEW HAVEN, CONN., no. 109. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    4Feb1897; 9247.

  THE SACRIFICE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Jan1909;
    H121590.

  SAILING OF THE “DEUTSCHLAND” WITH PRINCE HENRY [OF PRUSSIA] ON BOARD.
    © Thomas A. Edison; 15Mar1902; H15200.

  SAILORS ASHORE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Feb1904;
    H42806.

  THE SAILOR’S LOVE LETTER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    19Sept1911; J160012–15.

  A SAILOR’S LOVE STORY. SEE The Pirate’s Treasure.

  SAILORS OF ATLANTIC FLEET, DEWEY PARADE [Spanish-American War; Dewey
    Homecoming, New York City]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Apr1902; 16649.

  SAILORS WALTZING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Oct1902;
    H22208.

  ST. GEORGE AND THE DRAGON, parts 1–2. © P. A. Powers; 1Feb1912;
    J166916–17.

  ST. GEORGE AND THE DRAGON, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 11July1910;
    J143934–36.

  ST. JOHNS, NEWFOUNDLAND, AND ITS SURROUNDINGS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A.
    Edison, Inc.; 13Jan1912; J165027–30.

  ST. PATRICK’S CATHEDRAL AND FIFTH AVENUE ON EASTER SUNDAY MORNING [New
    York City]. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Apr1902; H16116.

  THE “ST. PAUL” OUTWARD BOUND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    14Jan1903; H26956.

  THE SALESLADY’S MATINEE IDOL, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    13Feb1909; H122938–43.

  SALMON FISHING NIPISSISQUIT [i.e. NIPISIQUIT] RIVER [New Brunswick,
    Canada]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Jan1906; H71524.

  SALOME; or, THE DANCE OF THE SEVEN VEILS. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 19Aug1908; H114743.

  SALOME AND THE DEVIL TO PAY. © S. Lubin; 16Sept1908; H115779.

  A SALOON DANCE. © S. Lubin; 25Sept1908; H116149.

  THE SALT DID IT; or, IF YOU WANT TO CATCH A BIRD, PUT SALT ON IT’S
    TAIL. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 22May1908; H110861.

  A SALUTARY LESSON. © Biograph Co.; 1c 12Aug1910; J144207.

  THE SALVATION ARMY LASS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Mar1909; H123873.

  SAMPANS RACING TOWARD LINER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.

      © 23May1902; H18042.

      © 11Mar1903; H29160.

  SAMPSON AND SCHLEY CONTROVERSY—TEA PARTY [Spanish-American War]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 18Sept1901; H8753.

  SAMPSON-SCHLEY CONTROVERSY [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    15Aug1901; H7674.

  SAN FRANCISCO DISASTER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19May1906; H77924.

  THE SAN FRANCISCO DISASTER. © S. Lubin; 9May1906; H77058.

  THE SAND BABY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4Sept1903; H35394.

  THE SAND FORT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4Sept1903; H35393.

  THE SANDMAN, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 21May1909; H127340–44.

  SANDOW. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896; 68816.

  SANDOW. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.

      © 11Nov1902; H23770.

      © 11June1903; H32496.

  THE SANDS OF DEE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 23July1912; J171536.

  THE SANDWICH MAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Apr1902;
    H16351.

  SANDY MCPHERSON’S QUIET FISHING TRIP, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    1Oct1908; H116392–94.

  SANDY, THE SUBSTITUTE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 8Apr1910;
    J140371–74.

  A SANE FOURTH OF JULY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    2June1911; J156367–70.

  SANTA CLAUS AND THE CLUB-MAN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    19Dec1911; J164326–29.

  SANTA FILLING STOCKINGS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    15Dec1902; H25017.

  SAPHO. © Siegmund Lubin; 8Mar1900; D5493.

  SARAH BERNHARDT IN QUEEN ELIZABETH. SEE Queen Elizabeth. J171705.

  SARNIA TUNNEL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Nov1903; H38016.

  SATAN IN PRISON. © George Méliès; 25Oct1907; H102223.

  SATAN’S FAN. © S. Lubin; 4Jan1909; H121226.

  SATURDAY’S SHOPPING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Nov1903;
    H38154.

  SAUCY SUE. © S. Lubin; 14Nov1908; H118286.

  SAUL AND DAVID: THE BIBLICAL STORY OF THE SHEPHERD BOY WHO BECAME KING
    OF THE ISRAELITES. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 13Feb1909;
    H122903.

  THE SAUSAGE MACHINE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23772.

  SAVED! © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Jan1904; H40753.

  SAVED BY LOVE, scenes 1–8. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 6Nov1908; H117959–66.

  SAVED BY WIRELESS. SEE C. Q. D.

  SAVED FROM HIMSELF. © Biograph Co.; 1c 13Dec1911; J163617.

  SAWING WOOD. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3550.

  THE SCALES OF JUSTICE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 2Oct1909;
    J132761.

  SCARECROW PUMP. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Dec1904; H54486.

  A SCENE BEHIND THE SCENES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Jan1904; H40811.

  SCENE FROM THE ELEVATOR ASCENDING EIFFEL TOWER [Paris Exposition]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 9Aug1900; D16386.

  SCENE IN A RAT PIT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Feb1906;
    H73111.

  SCENE IN CHINATOWN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30730.

  SCENE IN CHINESE RESTAURANT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Feb1903; H28557.

  SCENE IN THE SWISS VILLAGE AT PARIS EXPOSITION. © Thomas A. Edison;
    29Aug1900; D18581.

  SCENE OF MANHATTAN BRIDGE FROM COFFYN HYDROAEROPLANE. © Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 20Mar1912; J167413.

  SCENE OF NEW YORK CITY AND BROOKLYN BRIDGE FROM COFFYN HYDROAEROPLANE.
    © Vitagraph Co. of America; 20Mar1912; J167414.

  SCENE OF “THE BATTERY” N. Y. CITY FROM COFFYN HYDROAEROPLANE. ©
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 20Mar1912; J167412.

  SCENES AND INCIDENTS, RUSSO-JAPANESE PEACE CONFERENCE, PORTSMOUTH, N.
    H. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Aug1905; H64509.

  SCENES FROM THE BATTLEFIELD OF GETTYSBURG, THE WATERLOO OF THE
    CONFEDERACY. © S. Lubin; 29July1908; H113995.

  SCENES IN AN INFANT ORPHAN ASYLUM. © Thomas A. Edison; 29July1904;
    H48640.

  SCENES IN DELHI, INDIA, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    18May1912; J169663–66.

  SCENES IN SAN FRANCISCO [San Francisco Earthquake]. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19May1906; H77925–26.

  SCENES ON A SUGAR PLANTATION, HAWAIIAN ISLANDS, scenes 1–6. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 3Nov1906; H84438–43.

  SCENIC YELLOWSTONE PARK. © Imp Films Co.; 20Apr1912; J168478.

  THE SCHEME THAT FAILED. © S. Lubin; 20Sept1907; H99884.

  THE SCHEMING GAMBLER’S PARADISE. © Geo. Méliès; 12Oct1905; H67283.

  SCHNEIDER’S ANTI-NOISE CRUSADE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    31Mar1909; H125117.

  A SCHOOL FOR LOVEMAKING. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 16Feb1909; H122983.

  SCHOOL GIRL ATHLETES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Mar1904;
    H43570.

  SCHOOL GIRL GYMNASTICS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Mar1904; H43568.

  SCHOOL MASTER’S SURPRISE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Apr1902; H16640.

  THE SCHOOL TEACHER AND THE WAIF. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10July1912;
    J170957.

  SCOUT YACHT RACE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Feb1903;
    H27982.

  SCRAMBLING FOR EGGS. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Apr1902; H16119.

  A SCRAP IN BLACK AND WHITE. © Thomas A. Edison; 8July1903; H33295.

  A SCRAP IN THE DRESSING ROOM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Jan1904; H40812.

  SCRAPPY BILL. © Centaur Film Co.; 29May1909; H127775.

  SCRUBBING CLOTHES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Jan1905;
    H55399.

  THE SCULPTOR’S DREAM. SEE The Marble Heart.

  THE SCULPTOR’S LOVE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 21Apr1909;
    H126017.

  THE SCULPTOR’S NIGHTMARE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    4May1908; H110169.

  A SCULPTOR’S WELSH RABBIT DREAM, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    13Feb1908; H106206–09.

  SEA GULLS FOLLOWING FISHING BOATS. © Thomas A. Edison; 6Jan1902;
    H12583.

  SEA GULLS IN CENTRAL PARK [New York City]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 12Sept1903; H35639.

  THE SEA LIONS’ HOME. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60577.

  SEA WAVES. © Thomas A. Edison; 10Mar1898; 16440.

  SEA WAVES, scene 1. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 14July1910; J143941.

  THE SEALED ROOM. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Sept1909; J131224.

  A SEARCH FOR EVIDENCE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Aug1903;
    H34099.

  SEARCHING RUINS ON BROADWAY, GALVESTON, FOR DEAD BODIES [Galveston,
    Texas, Hurricane and Tidal Wave]. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Sept1900;
    D18566.

  THE SEASHORE BABY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28July1904;
    H48621.

  SEASHORE FROLICS. © Thomas A. Edison; 26Aug1903; H35063.

  A SEASHORE GYMKANA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23779.

  2ND SPECIAL SERVICE BATTALION, CANADIAN INFANTRY, EMBARKING FOR SO.
    AFRICA. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Nov1899; 72832.

  2ND SPECIAL SERVICE BATTALION, CANADIAN INFANTRY—PARADE. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 7Nov1899; 72831.

  A SECRET. © S. Lubin; 27Nov1908; H118912.

  THE SECRET OF THE LOCKET. © Edison Mfg. Co.

      Scene 1. © 13July1909; J129743.

      Scenes 2–4. © 11July1909; J129744–46.

  SECRET SERVICE; or, THE DIAMOND SMUGGLERS. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 1Aug1906; H81479.

  SECRETARY LONG AND CAPTAIN SIGSBEE [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 21Apr1898; 25335.

  SEC’Y TAFT’S ADDRESS & PANORAMA [Louisiana Purchase Exposition]. ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13May1904; H45956.

  SECTION FOREMAN. © Imp Films Co.; 8Apr1912; J168386.

  SECTION OF BUSTER BROWN SERIES, SHOWING A SKETCH OF BUSTER BY
    OUTCAULT. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Mar1904; H43260.

  SEE A PIN AND PICK IT UP, ALL THAT DAY YOU’LL HAVE GOOD LUCK, scenes
    1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 13May1909; H126939–40.

  SEE EVA’S HAIR, MAMA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Dec1904;
    H54352.

  SEE-SAW SCENE. © Thomas A. Edison; 20May1898; 31441.

  SEE THE PAINT. © S. Lubin; 22Jan1908; H105389.

  SEEING BOSTON. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 1Feb1906; H72715.

  SEEING NEW YORK BY YACHT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    6Oct1903; H36560.

  SEEK AND YOU SHALL FIND. © George Méliès; 5Nov1907; H102221.

  THE SEERESS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Jan1904; H40755.

  THE SELFISH MAN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 9June1908; H111582.

  SELLING OLD MASTER, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 3Feb1911;
    J151541–44.

  SEMINARY GIRLS. © Thos. A. Edison; 21Apr1897; 24883.

  THE SENATOR AND THE SUFFRAGETTES, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    6May1910; J141609–12.

  THE SENTINEL ASLEEP. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 9Oct1911;
    J161096.

      On same reel with The Last of The G. A. R. Parade at Rochester.

  THE SERENADERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23801.

  SERIOUS SIXTEEN. © Biograph Co.; 23July1910; J143502.

  SERPENTINE DANCE—ANNABELLE. © Thomas A. Edison; 8May1897; 28521.

  SERPENTINE DANCE BY ANNABELLE. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896;
    68824.

  THE SERVANT GIRL PROBLEM. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 1Sept1905;
    H65075.

  SERVING RATIONS TO THE INDIANS, no. 1–2. © Thomas A. Edison;
    24Feb1898; 13561–62.

  SETTLER’S HOME LIFE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21Sept1903;
    H35878.

  THE SEVEN AGES. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Feb1905.

      Schoolmates. H57124.

      Lovers. H57125.

      The Soldier. H57126.

      The Judge. H57127.

      What Age? H57128.

      Second Childhood. H57129.

      Infancy. H57130.

      Playmates. H57131.

  1776; or, THE HESSIAN RENEGADES. © Biograph Co.; 1c 9Sept1909;
    J131458.

  7TH & 71ST REGIMENT, NEW YORK [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 8May1897; 28512.

  THE SEVENTH DAY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 27Aug1909; J130912.

  SEVENTH REGIMENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 25Aug1902;
    H21312.

  71ST. N. Y. VOLUNTEERS EMBARKING FOR SANTIAGO [Spanish-American War].
    © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38239.

  71ST REGIMENT, CAMP WYCKOFF. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Apr1902; H16645.

  71ST REGIMENT, NEW YORK [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 15Mar1897; 17411.

  THE SEXTON OF LONGWYN. © S. Lubin; 17Oct1908; H117116.

  THE SHADOW ON THE BLIND, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    8June1912; J170199–202.

  SHAKESPEARE. © George Méliès; 25Oct1907; H102224.

  SHAKESPEARE’S TRAGEDY, KING LEAR. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    17Mar1909; H124225.

  SHAM BATTLE AT THE PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION. © Thomas A. Edison;
    25Nov1901; H10816.

  “SHAMROCK” AFTER CARRYING AWAY TOPSAIL [America’s Cup Races: Reliance
    and Shamrock III]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Jan1903;
    H26954.

  “SHAMROCK” AND “COLUMBIA” ROUNDING THE OUTER STAKE BOAT [America’s Cup
    Races: Columbia and Shamrock I]. © Thomas A. Edison.

      © 24Oct1899; 69349.

      © 25Oct1899; 69557.

  “SHAMROCK” AND “COLUMBIA” YACHT RACE—FIRST RACE [America’s Cup Races:
    Columbia and Shamrock I]. © Thomas A. Edison; 20Oct1899; 68178.

  “SHAMROCK” AND “COLUMBIA” YACHT RACE—1ST RACE, no. 2 [America’s Cup
    Races: Columbia and Shamrock I]. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Nov1899;
    72834.

  “SHAMROCK” AND “ERIN” SAILING. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1899; 69556.

  SHAMUS O’BRIEN. © Imp Films Co.; 4Mar1912; J167144.

  SHANGHAI POLICE. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38220.

  SHANGHAI STREET SCENE. © Thomas A. Edison.

      Scene 1. © 22June1898; 38219.

      Scene 2. © 22June1898; 38218.

  SHARKEY AND FITZSIMMONS FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of the Sharkey and
    FitzSimmons Fight.

  SHARKEY AND JEFFRIES FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of the Sharkey and
    Jeffries Fight.

  THE SHAUGHRAUN; an Irish romance. © The Vitagraph Co. of America.

      © 20Aug1907; H98482.

      © 6Jan1908; H104866.

  SHE, scenes 1–7. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 13Nov1908; H118267–73.

  SHE BRINGS IT HOME. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904;
    H46930.

  SHE CALLS ON THE MANAGER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9June1904; H46938.

  SHE FELL FAINTING INTO HIS ARMS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    6Oct1903; H36563.

  SHE KICKED ON THE COOKING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2Feb1904; H41752.

  SHE MEETS WITH WIFE’S APPROVAL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5Sept1902; H21499.

  SHE WANTED TO BE AN ACTRESS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    27Apr1908; H109747.

  SHE WANTED TO RISE IN THE WORLD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2Feb1904; H41751.

  SHE WAS GOOD TO HIM. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75805.

  SHE WOULD BE AN ACTRESS. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Aug1909; J132445.

  SHEARING A DONKEY IN EGYPT. © Thomas A. Edison; 17June1903; H32806.

  SHEARING SHEEP, HUMUNLA RANCH, HAWAII. © Thomas A. Edison; 11Aug1906;
    H81958.

  THE SHEATH GOWN. © S. Lubin; 6July1908; H112823.

  SHEEP AND LAMBS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 31Dec1902;
    H25961.

  SHEEP COMING THROUGH CHUTE, HUMUNLA RANCH, HAWAII. © Thomas A. Edison;
    11Aug1906; H81959.

  SHEEP RUN, CHICAGO STOCKYARDS. © Thomas A. Edison; 31July1897; 43406.

  SHEIK ARTILLERY, HONG KONG. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38232.

  SHELTER TENT DRILL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28July1903;
    H33884.

  THE SHEPHERD’S DAUGHTER. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 13Mar1909;
    H123950.

  SHERIDAN’S RIDE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 7Dec1908; H119267.

  THE SHERIFF, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 16Sept1911;
    J159996–99.

  SHERLOCK HOLMES BAFFLED. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Feb1903; H28561.

  SHERMAN HILL TUNNEL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Mar1903;
    H29153.

  SHIPPING CATTLE, HAWAIHAE, HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. © Thomas A. Edison;
    16Nov1906; H85392.

  THE SHIP’S HUSBAND, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 9Nov1910;
    J147701–04.

  SHIPWRECK ON HIGH SEA; saved from a watery grave, by the brave U. S.
    Life Savers. © S. Lubin; 19Jan1905; H56079.

  THE SHOCKING STOCKINGS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Feb1904; H42034.

  THE SHOEMAKER OF COEPENICK. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 9Nov1908;
    H118037.

  SHOO FLY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12June1903; H32564.

  SHOOT THE CHUTES SERIES. © Thomas A. Edison; 23Sept1899; 61840.

  SHOOTERS’ PARADE, PHILADELPHIA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    6Jan1905; H55673.

  SHOOTING CAPTURED INSURGENTS [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 5Aug1898; 46696.

  SHOOTING LONG SAULT RAPIDS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Apr1903; H30742.

  SHOOTING THE CHUTES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23789.

  SHOOTING THE CHUTES AT ATLANTIC CITY. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    18Dec1896; 68821.

  SHOOTING THE CHUTES AT LUNA PARK [Coney Island]. © American Mutoscope
    & Biograph Co.; 29May1903; H32296.

  SHOOTING THE CHUTES, LUNA PARK [Coney Island]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 13Aug1903; H34521.

  SHOPPING A LA MODE. SEE The Bargain Fiend.

  SHORTENING AND FURLING SAILS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2July1902; H19652.

  A SHOT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Dec1904; 54355.

  THE SHOT THAT FAILED, scene 1. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 19Aug1912;
    J172200.

  SHOWING GROUP OF BATHERS, ATLANTIC CITY BEACH. © American Mutoscope
    Co.; 19Dec1896; 69089.

  SHREDDED WHEAT BISCUIT, no. 1. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18Apr1904; H44656.

  SHRINERS’ CONCLAVE AT LOS ANGELES, CAL, MAY, 1907. © Miles Bros.;
    8June1907; H94996.

  SHRINER’S PARADE. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 1c 8June1912; J170069.

  SHUFFLEBOARD ON S. S. “DEUTSCHLAND.” © Thomas A. Edison; 25June1902;
    H19315.

  SHUT UP! © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Sept1902; H21502.

  SHUT UP! GETTING READY TO RETIRE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Dec1904; H54335.

  THE SHYNESS OF SHORTY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7June1910;
    J142108–11.

  THE SIDEBOARD FOLDING BED. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5June1909; H128029.

  SIDESHOW WRESTLERS. © Geo. Méliès; 16May1908; H110584.

  SIGHTSEEING. © George Méliès; 25Oct1907; H102225.

  THE SIGN OF THE CROSS. © S. Lubin; 28Dec1904; H54968.

  THE SIGN OF THE THREE LABELS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    20Dec1911; J164306–09.

  THE SILENT TONGUE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 30Aug1911;
    J159406–09.

  SILHOUETTE SCENE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Nov1903;
    H37831.

  SILVEON AND EMERIE “ON THE WEB.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13Aug1903; H34525.

  THE SILVER DOLLAR. © S. Lubin; 4Jan1909; H121220.

  SILVER THREADS AMONG THE GOLD, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    12Apr1911; J154252–55.

  THE SILVER WEDDING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Mar1906;
    H74337.

  SIMLA, INDIA, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 31Aug1912;
    J176443–46.

  SIMPLE CHARITY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 14Nov1910; J147672.

  A SIMPLE HOME DINNER, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 17Aug1909;
    130829–30.

  THE SIMPLE LIFE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Jan1906;
    H71531.

  SIMPLE SIMON’S SURPRISE PARTY. © Geo. Méliès; 29Sept1904; H50962.

  SINGLE APPLAUSE. © Isidor Kitsee; 1c 26Apr1912; J168624.

  SINGLE HARNESS HORSES. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60564.

  SINS AND SORROWS OF A GREAT CITY. © S. Lubin; 28Apr1905; H60107.

  SIR GEORGE AND THE HEIRESS, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.;
    5Aug1911; J158543–46.

  A SIREN OF IMPULSE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 6Mar1912; J167013.

  LA SIRENE. © Geo. Méliès; 18May1904; H46130.

  THE SIREN’S NECKLACE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 21Sept1909;
    J132179.

  SISTERS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 20May1910; J141650–53.

  A SISTER’S LOVE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 7Feb1912; J166053.

  A SISTER’S LOVE; a tale of the Franco-Prussian War. © The Vitagraph
    Co. of America; 19Dec1908; H120075.

  6TH CAVALRY ASSAULTING SOUTH GATE OF PEKIN. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 18Apr1902; H16739.

  SIXTH U. S. CAVALRY [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    8May1897; 28513.

  69TH REGIMENT, N. G. N. Y. © Thomas A. Edison; 10June1903; H32488.

  THE SKATING BUG. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 31July1911;
    J158307.

      On same reel with Bi-centennial celebration at Mobile.

  SKATING ON LAKE, CENTRAL PARK [New York City]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 25Aug1902; H21313.

  SKEE CLUB. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Apr1902; H16725.

  SKELETON DANCE, MARIONETTES. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Oct1898; 59207.

  THE SKETCH WITH THE THUMB PRINT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    23July1912; J171548–51.

  SKIDOO BROTHERS, 23. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 1June1906;
    H78534.

  SKIING IN MONTREAL. © Thomas A. Edison; 10Feb1902; H14063.

  SKIING SCENE IN QUEBEC. © Thomas A. Edison; 17Feb1902; H14294.

  SKIING TOURNAMENT AT ISHPEMING, MICH. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    13July1909; J129603.

  SKINNY’S FINISH, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 4June1908; H111361–65.

  THE SKIPPER’S YARN, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28Jan1910;
    J137953–56.

  THE SKIPPING CHEESE. © George Méliès; 18Mar1907; H91553.

  SKIRMISH BETWEEN RUSSIAN AND JAPANESE ADVANCE GUARDS [Russo-Japanese
    War]. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Apr1904; H44263.

  A SKIRMISH FIGHT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Aug1903;
    H34812.

  SKIRMISH OF ROUGH RIDERS [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    10June1899; 38516.

  THE SKYSCRAPERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Dec1906;
    H86424.

  SKYSCRAPERS OF NEW YORK CITY, FROM THE NORTH RIVER. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 20May1903; H32025.

  THE SLAVE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 30July1909; J129866.

  THE SLAVE; a story of the South before the war. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 11June1907; H95059.

  SLEEP, GENTLE SLEEP, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 4Jan1911;
    J150742–44.

  THE SLEEPER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Sept1902; H22086.

  SLEEPING BEAUTY. © S. Lubin; 1May1903; H31300.

  SLEEPING CHILD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12June1902;
    H18893.

  THE SLEEPY COP. © S. Lubin; 1July1907; H95921.

  THE SLEEPY SOUBRETTE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Feb1905;
    H57147.

  SLEIGH RIDING, CENTRAL PARK [New York City]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    5Mar1897; 15441.

  SLEIGHING IN CENTRAL PARK, NEW YORK. © Thomas A. Edison; 4Mar1904;
    H43006.

  SLEIGHING SCENE. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Dec1898; 73462.

  SLEIGHING SCENE, BOSTON. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9Jan1903; H26855.

  SLEIGHS RETURNING AFTER A SPIN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9Jan1903; H26852.

  SLIDE FOR LIFE, LUNA PARK [Coney Island]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 6Oct1903; H36554.

  SLIDING DOWN ICE MOUND AT NIAGARA FALLS. © Thomas A. Edison;
    15Jan1904; H40908.

  SLIP POWDER. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 16Feb1909; H122984.

  SLIPPERY JIM’S REPENTANCE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 2Dec1908;
    H119039.

  THE SLIPPERY SLIDE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17June1903;
    H32785.

  THE SLOCUM DISASTER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22June1904;
    H47443.

  SLUMBERLAND. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 8Dec1908; H119405.

  SMALL GUN DRILL, ST. JOHN’S ACADEMY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 23Mar1904; H43625.

  SMALLEST TRAIN IN THE WORLD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12June1903; H32559.

  A SMILE OF A CHILD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 7June1911; J156317.

  SMILE, SMILE, SMILE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 16Feb1909; H122985.

  THE SMOKE FAIRY. SEE Princess Nicotine.

  A SMOKED HUSBAND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21Sept1908;
    H115986.

  THE SMOKER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 4Apr1910; J140142.

  SMOKING, EATING, AND DRINKING SCENE, no. 114. © American Mutoscope
    Co.; 4Feb1897; 9252.

  THE SMOKY STOVE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26Oct1903;
    H37320.

  SMUGGLED INTO AMERICA. © S. Lubin; 23Sept1907; H99974.

  THE SMUGGLER’S DAUGHTER. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 26Apr1909; H126164.

  SNAKE HUNTING. © S. Lubin; 9June1906; H79107.

  THE SNAPSHOT FIEND; or, WILLIE’S NEW CAMERA. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 9July1906; H80273.

  SNAPSHOTS, HAWAIIAN ISLANDS, scenes 1–6. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Nov1906;
    H84432–37.

  A SNARE FOR LOVERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Mar1904;
    H43573.

  A SNEEZE. SEE Edison Kinetoscopic Record of a Sneeze.

  SNOW MEN. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3544.

  SNOW STORM. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Apr1898; 25337.

  SNOW WHITE. © Siegmund Lubin; 1May1903; H31308.

  SNOWBALL AND HIS PAL. © New York Motion Picture Co.; 16July1912;
    J171459.

  SNOWBALLING THE COASTERS. © Thomas A. Edison; 17Feb1898; 12176.

  THE SNOWBIRD. © S. Lubin; 22Dec1908; H120173.

  THE SNOWMAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17Feb1908; H106282.

  SOAP BUBBLES. © George Méliès; 21May1906; H77984.

  SOCIETY BALLOONING, PITTSFIELD, MASS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 3May1906; H76605.

  THE SOCIETY PALMIST. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 30Aug1905;
    H65051.

  THE SOCIETY RAFFLES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Dec1905;
    H69578.

  SOLD AGAIN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 28Jan1908; H105593.

  THE SOLDIER’S DREAM. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 28Oct1907;
    H101715.

  A SOLDIER’S HONOR. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 15June1912; J170271.

  SOLDIERS WASHING DISHES [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    22June1898; 38243.

  SOME DUDES CAN FIGHT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Jan1903;
    H27383.

  SOMETHING ON HIS MIND. © S. Lubin; 28Jan1908; H105599.

  THE SOMNAMBULIST. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Dec1903;
    H39216.

  A SOMNAMBULISTIC HERO, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 13May1909;
    H126941–46.

  SONG OF THE SHIRT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Nov1908;
    H118293.

  THE SONG OF THE WILDWOOD FLUTE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 25Nov1910; J148128.

  THE SONG THAT REACHED HIS HEART, 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 11Oct1910;
    J146432–35.

  THE SON’S RETURN. © Biograph Co.; 12June1909; H128255.

  LA SORCELLERIE CULINAIRE. © Geo. Méliès; 7May1904; H45443.

  A SORROWFUL EXAMPLE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Aug1911; J158883.

  THE SORROWS OF THE UNFAITHFUL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 23Aug1910; J144636.

  SORTING REFUSE AT INCINERATING PLANT, NEW YORK CITY. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 20May1903; H32038.

  SOUBRETTES IN A BACHELOR’S FLAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18Mar1903; H29474.

  THE SOUBRETTE’S SLIDE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15Feb1904;
    H42175.

  SOUBRETTE’S TROUBLES ON A FIFTH AVENUE STAGE. © Thomas A. Edison;
    21Aug1901; H7986.

  SOUND MONEY PARADE. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3538.

  A SOUND SLEEPER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Apr1909;
    H125502.

  SOUTH SPRING STREET, LOS ANGELES, CAL. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898;
    13568.

  SOUTHERN PACIFIC OVERLAND MAIL. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60579.

  A SOUTHERN ROMANCE. © William N. Selig; 30Oct1907; H101809.

  A SOUTHERN ROMANCE OF SLAVERY DAYS. © S. Lubin; 3Sept1908; H115289.

  SOUVENIR STRIP OF THE EDISON KINETOSCOPE [Sandow, the modern
    Hercules]. © W. K. L. Dickson; 18May1894; 10777.

  SPANISH BALL GAME. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13536.

  THE SPANISH CAVALIER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 9Apr1912;
    J168264–67.

  SPANISH DANCERS AT THE PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION. © Thomas A. Edison;
    28Oct1901; H10111.

  A SPANISH DILEMMA. © Biograph Co.; 1c 11Mar1912; J167111.

  THE SPANISH GYPSY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 31Mar1911; J153679.

  A SPANISH ROMANCE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 6Oct1908; H116609.

  SPARRING AT THE N. Y. A. C. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    7Nov1905; H68322.

  SPARRING CONTEST, CANASTOTA, N. Y. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    18Dec1896; 68806.

  SPARRING MATCH ON THE “KEARSARGE.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 3Jan1905; H55392.

  SPECIAL DELIVERY MESSENGER, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 22Aug1903; H34970.

  SPECIAL PHOTOGRAPHING TRAIN. © Thomas A. Edison; 12Dec1896; 67876.

  A SPECTACULAR START. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8May1902;
    H17488.

  SPEECH BY PRESIDENT FRANCIS; WORLD’S FAIR [Louisiana Purchase
    Exposition, St. Louis]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13Aug1904; H49076.

  THE SPEED DEMON. © Biograph Co.; 1c 23July1912; J171532.

  SPEED TRIALS, AUTOBOAT CHALLENGER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 13Feb1905; H56667.

  THE SPIDER AND THE FLY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Feb1903; H28556.

  SPIKE, THE BAG-PUNCHING DOG. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13Aug1903; H34513.

  A SPILL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Apr1902; H16359.

  THE SPIRIT AWAKENED. © Biograph Co.; 1c 28June1912; J170667.

  SPIRIT OF ’76. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19May1905; H61107.

  THE SPIRIT OF THE GORGE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    11Aug1911; J158912–15.

  SPIRITS IN THE KITCHEN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2July1902; H19656.

  A SPIRITUALIST PHOTOGRAPHER. © George Méliès; 6July1903; H33238.

  A SPIRITUALISTIC MEETING. © Geo. Méliès; 21May1906; H77982.

  SPOOKS AT SCHOOL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30720.

  SPORTING BLOOD. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 29July1909; J131735.

  SPRING LOG DRIVING, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 17Aug1912;
    J172461–64.

  SPRINGTIME IN THE PARK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Apr1902; H16348.

  THE SPY; a romantic story of the Civil War. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 7Mar1907; H91150.

  A SQUARE DEAL: THE END OF THE BAD MAN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    17May1907; H93882.

  THE SQUAW’S LOVE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 18Sept1911; J160195.

  A SQUEEDUNK SHERLOCK HOLMES, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 9July1909;
    J129747–50.

  SQUELCHED: REST. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Dec1904;
    H54340.

  SQUIRES, AUSTRALIAN CHAMPION, IN HIS TRAINING QUARTERS. © Miles Bros.;
    8Jun1907; H94998.

  SQUIRES VS. BURNS. SEE International Contest for the Heavyweight
    Championship: Squires Vs. Burns, Ocean View, Cal., July 4th, 1907.

  SQUNK CITY FIRE CO. © Imp Films Co.; 30Mar1912; J167617.

  STABLE ON FIRE. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3529.

  THE STAFF OF AGE. © Imp Films Co.; 11May1912; J169147.

  STAGE MEMORIES OF AN OLD THEATRICAL TRUNK, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg.
    Co.; 18Mar1908; H107668–71.

  A STAGE ROMANCE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 17Feb1911; J152606–09.

  THE STAGE RUSTLER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3July1908;
    H112792.

  STAGE STRUCK. © S. Lubin; 30Dec1904; H55683.

  STAGE STRUCK, scenes 1–8. © Thomas A. Edison; 19Aug1907; H98380–87.

  THE STAGE-STRUCK DAUGHTER. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 24Oct1908;
    H117386.

  STAGE-STRUCK LIZZIE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 16Dec1911;
    J164302–05.

  STALKING AND SHOOTING CARIBOU, NEWFOUNDLAND. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 9Jan1907; H89187.

  STALLION RACE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26Apr1902; H17040.

  STANFORD UNIVERSITY, CALIFORNIA. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60583.

  THE STAR OF BETHLEHEM, scenes 1–8. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 18Mar1909;
    H124312–19.

  THE STAR SPANGLED BANNER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    30June1911; J157080–83.

  STAR THEATRE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Apr1902; H16735.

  THE STARS AND STRIPES, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 1July1910;
    J143149–52.

  START OF OCEAN RACE FOR KAISER’S CUP. © Thomas A. Edison; 20May1905;
    H61182.

  START OF RACE—“RELIANCE” AHEAD [America’s Cup Races: Reliance and
    Shamrock III]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Sept1903;
    H35651.

  START OF THE FIRST RACE, AUG. 22 [America’s Cup Races: Reliance and
    Shamrock III]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Aug1903;
    H35071.

  STARTING FOR THE FIRE. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Nov1896; 62693.

  THE STARTLED LOVER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26Apr1902;
    H17045.

  THE STARVING ARTIST; or, REALISM IN ART. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 7Aug1907; H97825.

  STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, MISSOURI. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3June1904; H46817.

  STATUE OF LIBERTY. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52060.

  STEALING A DINNER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13June1903;
    H32633.

  STEAM HAMMER, WESTINGHOUSE WORKS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13May1904; H45953.

  STEAM RIDING ACADEMY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18July1903;
    H33539.

  STEAM TACTICS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12June1902;
    H18895.

  STEAM WHISTLE, WESTINGHOUSE WORKS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 13May1904; H45952.

  STEAMBOAT AND GREAT EASTERN ROCK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    21May1902; H17967.

  STEAMER “ISLAND WANDERER.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Apr1903; H30753.

  STEAMER “MASCOTTE” ARRIVING AT TAMPA [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 20May1898; 31438.

  STEAMER “NEW YORK.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30743.

  STEAMSCOW “CINDERELLA” and FERRYBOAT “CINCINNATI.” © Thomas A. Edison;
    20May1903; H32032.

  STEAMSHIP “EXPRESS OF INDIA.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    31Dec1902; H25963.

  STEAMSHIP. SEE ALSO S. S. ...

  STEEPLECHASE, CONEY ISLAND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13June1903; H32630.

  THE STENOGRAPHER’S FRIEND, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 29Sept1910;
    J146440–43.

  STERN’S DUPLEX RAILWAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    25Aug1905; H64925.

  THE STILL ALARM. © Thomas A. Edison; 20May1903; H32026.

  STILL WATER RUNS DEEP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 31Dec1902;
    H25959.

  STOLEN BY GYPSIES. © Thomas A. Edison; 15July1905; H63368.

  THE STOLEN CLAIM, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 16Nov1910;
    J148077–80.

  THE STOLEN DOG, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 9Aug1911;
    J158932–35.

  THE STOLEN FATHER, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 14Oct1910;
    J146838–41.

  THE STOLEN FLASK. © S. Lubin; 28May1908; H111141.

  THE STOLEN JEWELS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Sept1908;
    H116138.

  THE STOLEN NICKEL. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 23Jan1912.

      Scene 1. J165392.

      Scene 2. J165391.

      Scene 3. J165390.

      Scene 4. J165389.

  THE STOLEN PIG. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 15May1907; H93719.

  THE STOLEN PLANS; or, THE BOY DETECTIVE. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 9Sept1908; H115459.

  STOLEN SWEETS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Feb1903; H28549.

  THE STOLEN WIRELESS. © Geo. Méliès; 13Oct1909; J133026.

  STOP THAT ALARM. © S. Lubin; 6Apr1908; H108435.

  STOP THIEF! © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7June1902; H18748.

  STOP THIEF! © Geo. Méliès; 23Sept1905; H65901.

  A STORM AT SEA. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Aug1900; D16390.

  A STORY OF EGGS. © Geo. Méliès; 15Oct1907; H101152.

  A STORY OF SUNNY ITALY. SEE The Bandits.

  THE STORY OF THE BIOGRAPH TOLD [i.e. THE STORY THE BIOGRAPH TOLD]. ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Jan1904; H40719.

  THE STORY OF THE INDIAN LEDGE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    18Nov1911; J162741–44.

  THE STORY OF THE ROSE. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 2Oct1911;
    J160518.

  THE STORY OF TREASURE ISLAND. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    14Dec1907; H103670.

  THE STORY THAT BOOTS TOLD. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 22June1908;
    H112168.

  THE STOWAWAY. © S. Lubin; 5Feb1909; H122566.

  STRANGE ADVENTURE OF NEW YORK DRUMMER. © Thomas A. Edison; 17June1899;
    40081.

  A STRANGE MEETING. © Biograph Co.; 1c 5Aug1909; J130279.

  THE STRANGER AND THE TAXICAB, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    11Sept1912; J176499–502.

  A STREET ARAB. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Apr1898; 25336.

  THE STREET BEAUTIFUL, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 20Aug1912;
    J176491–94.

  STREET CAR CHIVALRY. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Aug1903; H34327.

  STREET FIGHT AND ARREST. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5Sept1902; H21508.

  STREET MAIL CAR, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Aug1903; H34992.

  THE STREET PARADE. © The International Film Co.; 13Nov1896; 62086.

  STREET SCENE AT JAFFA. © Thomas A. Edison; 17June1903; H32810.

  STREET SCENE IN HONG KONG. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38252.

  STREET SCENE IN YOKOHAMA, no. 1. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898.

      No. 1. © 38230.

      No. 2. © 38250.

  STREET SCENE, SAN DIEGO. © Thomas A. Edison; 17Feb1898; 12174.

  STREET SCENE, TIENTSIN [China]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    20June1902; H19222.

  STREET SCENE, TOKIO, JAPAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Oct1903; H36865.

  A STREET WAIF’S CHRISTMAS, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 19Dec1908;
    H120095-H120100.

  STREETS OF CAIRO. © Thomas A. Edison; 23Oct1896; 58472.

  THE STREETS OF NEW YORK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    30Dec1905; H71426.

  STREET’S ZOUAVES AND WALL SCALING. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Sept1901;
    H8689.

  A STRENUOUS DREAM. SEE Forty Winks.

  THE STRENUOUS LIFE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Mar1904;
    H43559.

  THE STRENUOUS LIFE; or, ANTI-RACE SUICIDE. © Thomas A. Edison;
    19Dec1904; H55129.

  A STRENUOUS SEARCH. SEE The Lost Collar Button.

  STRICKEN BLIND; or, TO FORGIVE IS DIVINE. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 15July1908; H113391.

  THE STRIKE AT THE MINES, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    11Apr1911; J154244–47.

  A STRING OF PEARLS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8Mar1912; J167062.

  STROLLING PLAYERS, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 19Mar1909;
    H124414–18.

  STUBB’S NEW SERVANTS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8July1911; J157385.

  STUDENT DAYS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 29Jan1909; H122211.

  THE STUDENT’S PRANK; or, A JOKE ON HIS PARENTS. © S. Lubin;
    13June1908; H111812.

  THE STUFF HEROES ARE MADE OF. © Biograph Co.; 1c 6Sept1911; J159747.

  THE STUFF THAT AMERICANS ARE MADE OF, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    10May1910; J141271–273.

  THE STUFF THAT DREAMS ARE MADE OF, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 27Dec1911; J164330–33.

  A SUBJECT FOR THE ROGUE’S GALLERY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 2Feb1904; H41753.

  THE SUBPOENA SERVER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1906;
    H75965.

  SUBSTITUTE FOR SMOKING. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75819.

  SUBUB SURPRISES THE BURGLAR. © Thomas A. Edison; 11Aug1903; H34382.

  SUBURBAN HANDICAP, 1897. © Thomas A. Edison; 31July1897; 43415.

  THE SUBURBANITE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1904;
    H52864.

  A SUBURBANITE’S INGENIOUS ALARM, scenes 1–7. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    4Jan1908; H104858–64.

  SUFFER LITTLE CHILDREN ... FOR OF SUCH IS THE KINGDOM OF LABOR, scenes
    1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 31Aug1909; J131249–51.

  THE SUICIDAL POET. © S. Lubin; 16Sept1908; H115771.

  THE SUICIDE CLUB. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Apr1909;
    H126280.

  A SUIT CASE. © S. Lubin; 4Jan1909; H121222.

  THE SUIT CASE MYSTERY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 25Mar1910;
    J139965–68.

  THE SUIT OF ARMOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23Mar1904;
    H43623.

  THE SUMMER BOARDERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Aug1905;
    H64737.

  THE SUMMER GIRL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Jan1903;
    H26951.

  THE SUMMER GIRL, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 4Oct1911;
    J160728–31.

  A SUMMER IDYL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 7Sept1910; J145067.

  A SUMMER IDYL. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 20Nov1908; H118650.

  A SUMMER STORY THAT NEEDS NO EXPLANATION. SEE The Wealthy Rival.

  A SUMMER TRAGEDY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22Sept1910; J145695.

  SUN DANCE—ANNABELLE. © Thomas A. Edison; 8May1897; 28525.

  THE SUNBEAM. © Biograph Co.; 1c 27Feb1912; J166712.

  SUNDAY MORNING IN MEXICO. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13538.

  THE SUNSET GUN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 24May1912;
    J169674–77.

  SUNSET LIMITED, SOUTHERN PACIFIC RY. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898;
    13551.

  SUNSHINE SUE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 17Nov1910; J147831.

  SUNSHINE THROUGH THE DARK. © Biograph Co.; 1c 29Nov1911; J163271.

  SURF AT ATLANTIC CITY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Mar1903;
    H29154.

  SURF AT LONG BRANCH [N. J.]. © Thomas A. Edison; 23Oct1896; 58471.

  SURF AT MONTEREY [Calif.]. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60587.

  SURF BOARD RIDERS, WAIKIKI, HONOLULU, H. I. © Thomas A. Edison;
    13Nov1906; H85062.

  SURF SCENE, LAUPAHOIHOI, HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. © Thomas A. Edison;
    13Nov1906; H85050.

  SURF SCENE, WAIKIKI, HONOLULU, H. I. © Thomas A. Edison; 13Nov1906;
    H85058.

  SURFACE TRANSIT, MEXICO. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13564.

  THE SURGEON’S TEMPTATION, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    29Aug1911; J159402–05.

  THE SURPRISE PARTY, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 4Feb1910;
    J138034–36.

  SUTRO BATHS. © Thomas A. Edison; 20Sept1897; 52619.

  SUTRO BATHS, no. 1. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60559.

  A SWEET KISS. © S. Lubin; 27May1905; H61366.

  A SWEET LITTLE HOME IN THE COUNTRY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 11Nov1902; H23786.

  SWEET REVENGE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20Nov1909; J135021.

  SWEETHEARTS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Sept1902; H22092.

  SWEETS FOR THE SWEET. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13Aug1903;
    H34507.

  THE SWIMMING CLASS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28July1904;
    H48622.

  THE SWIMMING DUCKS AT ALLENTOWN [PA.] DUCK FARM. © Thomas A. Edison;
    7Apr1902; H16122.

  SWIMMING POOL AT CONEY ISLAND. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Aug1901; H7983.

  SWIMMING POOL, PALM BEACH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13Feb1905; H56666.

  A SWIMMING RACE AT CONEY ISLAND. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13Aug1904; H49074.

  SWISS FAMILY ROBINSON. © Siegmund Lubin; 2May1903; H31333.

  THE SWISS GUIDE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28Oct1910; J147327–30.

  SWISS VILLAGE, no. 2 [Paris Exposition]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    29Aug1900; D18583.

  SWITCHBACK ON TROLLEY ROAD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Apr1902; H16641.

  THE SWITCHMAN’S TOWER, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.; 4Aug1911;
    J158523–26.

  THE SWORD AND THE KING. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 24July1909;
    J129725.

  SWORDS AND HEARTS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 30Aug1911; J159606.

  SYMPHONY IN “A-FLAT.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12June1903;
    H32558.

  THE SYMPHONY OF A SWISS MUSIC BOX. SEE An Alpine Echo.


                                   T

  TABLES TURNED. © Imp Films Co.; 17Feb1912; J166701.

  TAKE MELLON’S FOOD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902;
    H24879.

  TAKEN FROM TROLLEY, ATLANTIC CITY. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897;
    3530.

  TAKEN FROM TROLLEY IN GORGE, NIAGARA FALLS. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    7Jan1897; 3528.

  TAKING HIS MEDICINE. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75816.

  TAKING HIS MEDICINE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Dec1911; J163668.

  TAKING HIS PHOTOGRAPH, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 27July1909;
    J130499–502.

  TAKING PRESIDENT MCKINLEY’S BODY FROM TRAIN AT CANTON, OHIO. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 26Sept1901; H9083.

  THE TALE OF A PIG. © S. Lubin; 28Apr1908; H109924.

  THE TALE OF A SHIRT. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 7Mar1908;
    H107067.

  A TALE OF THE CRUSADES. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 9Nov1908;
    H118036.

  A TALE OF THE HAREM. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 15Sept1908;
    H115622.

  A TALE OF THE SEA. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 27Nov1907; H103013.

  A TALE OF THE WILDERNESS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 11Jan1912; J164534.

  A TALE OF TWO COATS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 5July1910;
    J143145–48.

  TALE THE AUTUMN LEAVES TOLD, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 10Apr1908;
    H108661–65.

  THE TALE THE TICKER TOLD, scenes 1–8. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 10Dec1908;
    H119498–505.

  TALES THE SEARCHLIGHT TOLD, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 31July1908;
    H114098–114102.

  TALKED TO DEATH. © S. Lubin; 19Jan1909; H121763.

  TALLY HO—ARRIVAL. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Sept1896; 70077.

  TALLY-HO DEPARTING FOR THE RACES. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Aug1901;
    H7638.

  TALLY HO—DEPARTURE. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Dec1896; 70078.

  TAMBOURINE DANCE—BY ANNABELLE, no. 10. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    4Feb1897; 9235.

  TAMING A HUSBAND. © Biograph Co.; 1c 26Feb1910; J138677.

  TAMING OF THE SHREW. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1908;
    H118185.

  TANDEM HURDLE JUMPING. © Thomas A. Edison; 8May1897; 28527.

  TANKVILLE CONSTABLE 1. © Imp Films Co.; 23Mar1912; J167456.

      On same reel with Classical Dances by Countess De Swirsky.

  TANKVILLE CONSTABLE 2. © Imp Films Co.; 23Mar1912; J167457.

      On same reel with Classical Dances by Countess De Swirsky.

  TAPING COILS, WESTINGHOUSE WORKS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    7May1904; H45461.

  TAPPING A FURNACE, WESTINGHOUSE WORKS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 23July1904; H48416.

  TARGET PRACTICE OF ATLANTIC FLEET, U. S. NAVY, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A.
    Edison, Inc.; 19June1912; J170524–26.

  TARRANT FIRE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 31Dec1902; H25967.

  THE TAVERN KEEPER’S DAUGHTER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22July1908; H113770.

  A TAX ON BACHELORS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10Apr1909;
    H125540.

  THE TAXIDERMIST’S DREAM. © S. Lubin; 5Feb1909; H122568.

  TEA INDUSTRY. © Imp Films Co.; 10Feb1912; J166567.

  TEACHING DAD TO LIKE HER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22Mar1911; J153364.

  TEAMS OF HORSES. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60566.

  TEASING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Sept1905; H65319.

  THE TEDDY BEARS, scenes 1–12. © Thomas A. Edison; 23Feb1907;
    H90687–98.

  TEDDY IN JUNGLELAND. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10May1909;
    H126778.

  A TELEPATHIC WARNING; the story of a child’s love for her father. ©
    The Vitagraph Co. of America; 28Dec1908; H120414.

  THE TELEPHONE. © Thomas A. Edison.

      © 20May1898; 31432.

      © 18July1898; 40020.

  TELLTALE KISS: THE BOARDER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    16Dec1904; H54338.

  A TEMPORARY TRUCE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10June1912; J170148.

  THE TEMPTATION, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7Sept1909; J131473–75.

  TEMPTATION OF JOHN GRAY. © Centaur Film Co.; 6May1909; H126641.

  TEMPTATION OF ST. ANTHONY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23May1902; H18047.

  TEMPTATIONS OF A LARGE CITY, no. 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 29May1911;
    J155964–66.

  TEMPTED BUT TRUE. © Imp Films Co.; 28Mar1912; J167584.

  TEN DAYS WITH A FLEET OF U. S. BATTLESHIPS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A.
    Edison, Inc.; 11June1912; J170299–302.

  TEN INCH DISAPPEARING CARRIAGE GUN LOADING AND FIRING, SANDY HOOK, no.
    130. © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9267.

  10 LADIES IN AN UMBRELLA. © George Méliès; 26Oct1903; H37293.

  TEN MINUTES WITH SHAKESPEARE. © S. Lubin; 16Dec1908; H119729.

  TEN NIGHTS IN A BAR-ROOM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5May1903.

      Murder of Willie. H31691.

      The fatal blow. H31692.

      Death of little May. H31693.

      Death of Slade. H31694.

  TEN NIGHTS IN A BARROOM. © S. Lubin; 2Oct1903; H36485.

  TEN PICKANINNIES, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 1Oct1908; H116401–04.

  A TENACIOUS SOLICITOR, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    24Apr1912; J168804–07.

  TENDER HEARTS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 16July1909; J129547.

  THE TENDERFOOT’S TRIUMPH. © Biograph Co.; 1c 23Apr1910; J140758.

  TENDERLOIN AT NIGHT. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Nov1899; 77521.

  TENDERLOIN TRAGEDY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Apr1907;
    H92891.

  10TH U. S. INFANTRY, AND BATTALION LEAVING CARS [Spanish-American
    War]. © Thomas A. Edison; 20May1898; 31440.

  10TH U. S. INFANTRY DISEMBARKING FROM CARS [Spanish-American War]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 20May1898; 31445.

  THE TERCENTENARY CELEBRATIONS TO COMMEMORATE THE 300TH ANNIVERSARY OF
    THE FOUNDING OF QUEBEC BY CHAMPLAIN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    3Aug1908; H114182.

  LE TERRIBLE BOURREAU TURC. © Geo. Méliès; 4Jan1904; H40639.

  A TERRIBLE DISCOVERY. © The Biograph Co.; 1c 22Dec1911; J163846.

  THE TERRIBLE KIDS, scenes 1–9. © Thomas A. Edison; 1May1906;
    H76479–87.

  A TERRIBLE NIGHT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.

      © 2July1902; H19659.

      © 22May1908; H110869.

  TERRIBLE TEDDY, THE GRIZZLY KING. © Thomas A. Edison; 23Feb1901;
    H1402.

  THE TERRIBLE TURKISH EXECUTIONER. © George Méliès; 4Jan1904; H40638.

  TERRIER VS. WILD CAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Feb1906;
    H73110.

  TERRY MCGOVERN AND PEDLAR PALMER FIGHT. SEE Reproduction of the Terry
    McGovern and Pedlar Palmer Fight.

  THE TEST. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20Dec1909; J136053.

  THE TEST OF FRIENDSHIP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Dec1908; H119491.

  THE TEST OF FRIENDSHIP, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 10Jan1911;
    J151333–36.

  THE TEST OF LOVE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 21Mar1911;
    J153481–84.

  TESTING A ROTARY, WESTINGHOUSE WORKS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 7May1904; H45460.

  TESTING LARGE TURBINES, WESTINGHOUSE CO. WORKS. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 23July1904; H48411.

  “TEUTONIC” AND “NÖRDLAND.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23May1902; H18045.

  THE “TEXAS,” NAVAL PARADE [Spanish-American War; New York City Welcome
    to Admiral Sampson’s Fleet after Battle of Santiago Bay]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52055.

  THAT CHINK AT GOLDEN GULCH. © Biograph Co.; 1c 12Oct1910; J146413.

  THAT DAREDEVIL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Aug1911; J158882.

  THAT GIRL OF DIXON’S, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 25Feb1910;
    J138686–88.

  THAT POOR INSURANCE MAN. © Paley & Steiner; 27Oct1904; H52170.

  THAT WINSOME WINNIE SMILE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    9Sept1911; J159664–67.

  THAW-WHITE TRAGEDY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5July1906;
    H80229.

  THEATRE HAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Jan1903; H26848.

  THEATRE HATS OFF. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Jan1903;
    H26849.

  THEATRE ROAD, YOKOHAMA. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38213.

  THEIR FATES SEALED. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10June1911; J156468.

  THEIR FIRST DIVORCE CASE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 4Nov1911; J162530.

  THEIR FIRST KIDNAPPING CASE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10Apr1912; J168045.

  THEIR HERO, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 21May1912;
    J169670–73.

  THEIR SOCIAL EDUCATION, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 19Oct1909;
    J133820–23.

  THEN AND NOW, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 26Nov1909; J135656–58.

  THEN YOU’LL REMEMBER ME, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    25Aug1911; J159394–97.

  THEODORE ROOSEVELT LEAVING THE WHITE HOUSE. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 22Jan1903; H27382.

  THERE HE IS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904; H46951.

  THERE NEVER WAS A GIRL LIKE YOU. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 16Feb1909; H122986.

  THEY FOUND THE LEAK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902;
    H24889.

  THEY MEET ON THE MAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19June1906;
    H79738.

  THEY WOULD ELOPE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10Aug1909; J130485.

  THE THIEF AND THE GIRL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8July1911; J157384.

  THE THIEF AND THE PIE WOMAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    26Feb1903; H28675.

  THE THIEVING HAND. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 17Jan1908; H105165.

  THE THIRST FOR GOLD. © Imp Films Co.; 27May1912; J169704.

  THE THIRTEEN CLUB. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 29Nov1905;
    H69185.

  THE THIRTEENTH AT THE TABLE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 8Apr1909; H125498.

  13TH INFANTRY, U. S. ARMY—BAYONET EXERCISE, GOVERNORS ISLAND, no. 126.
    © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9263.

  13TH INFANTRY, U. S. ARMY—BLANKET COURT MARTIAL, GOVERNORS ISLAND, no.
    122. © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9259.

  13TH INFANTRY, U. S. ARMY—FULL DRESS PARADE AND MANOEUVERING,
    GOVERNORS ISLAND, no. 119. © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9256.

  13TH INFANTRY, U. S. ARMY—FULL DRESS PARADE, GOVERNORS ISLAND, no.
    120. © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9257.

  13TH INFANTRY, U. S. ARMY, IN HEAVY MARCHING ORDER, DOUBLE-TIME,
    GOVERNORS ISLAND, no. 117. © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9254.

  13TH INFANTRY, U. S. ARMY—MANUAL OF ARMS, GOVERNORS ISLAND, no. 125.
    American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9262.

  13TH INFANTRY, U. S. ARMY—MARCHING AND COUNTER MARCHING (BAND AND
    TROOPS), GOVERNORS ISLAND, no. 118. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    4Feb1897; 9255.

  13TH INFANTRY, U. S. ARMY—MARCHING THROUGH SALLYPORT, GOVERNORS
    ISLAND, no. 116. © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9253.

  13TH INFANTRY, U. S. ARMY—MUSICAL DRILL, GOVERNORS ISLAND, no. 121. ©
    American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9258.

  13TH INFANTRY, U. S. ARMY—SCALING WALLS IN RETREAT, GOVERNORS ISLAND.
    © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9260.

  13TH INFANTRY, U. S. ARMY—SCALING WALLS WITH WOUNDED AND DYING,
    GOVERNORS ISLAND, no. 124. © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897; 9261.

  THIRTY DAYS AT HARD LABOR, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    9Jan1912; J164552–55.

  THIS IS HARD WORK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904;
    H46946.

  THOMPSON’S NIGHT OUT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 26May1908;
    H111067.

  A THOROUGHBRED, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 20June1911;
    J156876–79.

  THOSE AWFUL HATS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Jan1909;
    H122037.

  THOSE BOYS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Jan1909; H121795.

  THOSE HICKSVILLE BOYS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 1Apr1912; J167692.

  THOSE WEDDING BELLS SHALL NOT RING OUT. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902; H23811.

  THOU SHALT NOT. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20Apr1910; J140639.

  THE THREAD OF DESTINY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 9Mar1910; J138986.

  THREE ACROBATS. © Thomas A. Edison; 20Mar1899; 20772.

  THREE AMERICAN BEAUTIES, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison; 1May1906;
    H76443–45.

  THREE AMERICAN BEAUTIES, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Oct1907;
    H100637–40.

  THE THREE BEARS. © Siegmund Lubin; 2May1903; H31331.

  THREE CAVALIERS OF THE ROAD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    7Apr1905; H58986.

  THREE GIRLS IN A HAMMOCK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    20Jan1904; H41043.

  THREE JOLLY DUTCHMEN. © Paley & Steiner; 20Jan1905; H56276.

  THREE KISSES, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 29Oct1909;
    J133997–134000.

  THREE LITTLE MAIDS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18July1904;
    H48218.

  THREE LITTLE PIGS. © Siegmund Lubin; 1May1903; H31307.

  THE THREE MUSKETEERS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 5Sept1911;
    J160028–31.

      © 5Sept1911; J160028–31.

      © 6Sept1911; J159668–71.

  THREE OF A KIND. © Winthrop Press; 6Sept1906; H82616.

  THREE OF A KIND, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 21Oct1911;
    J161686–89.

  THREE SISTERS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 4Feb1911; J151521.

  THREE THANKSGIVINGS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 19Nov1909;
    J135136–39.

  THRESHING SCENE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Dec1905;
    H70259.

  A THRILLING DETECTIVE STORY. © S. Lubin; 31Dec1906; H88251.

  THROUGH DARKENED VALES. © Biograph Co.; 1c 18Nov1911; J163014.

  THROUGH DARKNESS TO LIGHT. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 8Apr1909; H125499.

  THROUGH DARKNESS TO LIGHT. © S. Lubin; 30Dec1907; H104611.

  THROUGH HIS WIFE’S PICTURE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 25Oct1911; J162081.

  THROUGH JEALOUSY. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 15Apr1909; H125805.

  THROUGH SHADOW TO SUNSHINE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5June1909; H128030.

  THROUGH THE AIR. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 5Oct1911; J160519.

  THROUGH THE BREAKERS. © Biograph Co.; 8Dec1909; J135642.

  THROUGH THE CLOUDS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 23Nov1910;
    J148136–39.

  THROUGH THE DELLS OF WISCONSIN. © Independent Moving Picture Co.;
    25Sept1911; J160310.

      On same reel with The Co-ed Professor.

  THROUGH THE FLAMES. © Imp Films Co.; 15Feb1912; J166373.

  THROUGH THE KEY-HOLE IN THE DOOR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Feb1903; H28563.

  THROUGH THE MATRIMONIAL AGENCY. © S. Lubin; 9Sept1905; H65226.

  THROUGH TRIALS TO VICTORY, parts 1–2. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 9Feb1912;
    J166135–36.

  THROWING MAIL INTO BAGS, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Aug1903; H34976.

  THROWING THE SIXTEEN POUND HAMMER. © Thomas A. Edison; 11Sept1903;
    H35624.

  THE TICKLISH MAN. © S. Lubin; 25Aug1908; H115093.

  TIED TO HER APRON STRINGS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Jan1904; H40817.

  TIMELY REPENTANCE. © Imp Films Co.; 11Mar1912; J167113.

  THE TIRED TAILOR’S DREAM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    27Aug1907; H98848.

  ’TIS AN ILL WIND THAT BLOWS NO GOOD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 20Apr1909; H126009.

  ’TIS NOW THE VERY WITCHING TIME OF NIGHT, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg.
    Co.; 17Sept1909; J132029–31.

  TIT FOR TAT; or, A GOOD JOKE WITH MY HEAD. © Geo. Méliès; 28Jan1904;
    H41414.

  TIT FOR TAT; or, OUTWITTED BY WIT. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    7Mar1908; H107066.

  TO FORGIVE IS DIVINE. SEE Stricken Blind.

  TO SAVE HER BROTHER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 20Jan1912;
    J165385–88.

  THE TOBACCO EDICT, OLD NEW YORK, 1648, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    6Aug1909; J130514–15.

  TOBACCO MANIA, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28Dec1909; J136751–54.

  TOBOGGANING IN CANADA. © Thomas A. Edison; 10Feb1902; H14064.

  THE TOILETTE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904; H46940.

  TOM BUTLER’S MYSTERIOUS ADVENTURES. © Société Francaise des Films &
    Cinematographes Eclair.

      Part 1. © 1c 20June1912; J170629.

      Part 2. © 1c 26June1912; J170629.

  TOM TIGHT ET DUM-DUM. © George Méliès; 26Oct1903; H37510.

  TOM, TOM, THE PIPER’S SON. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9Mar1905; H57387.

  TOM, TOM, THE PIPER’S SON. © Siegmund Lubin; 1May1903; H31309.

  TOMBOY BESSIE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8June1912; J170132.

  TOMMY ATKINS, BOBBY AND COOK. © Thomas A. Edison; 22Apr1899; 27965.

  TOMMY’S GEOGRAPHY LESSON, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    23Mar1912; J167594–97.

  LE TONNERRE DE JUPITER. © George Méliès; 22Oct1903; H37627.

  TONY AND THE STORK. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 7Dec1911;
    J163272.

  TONY’S OATH OF VENGEANCE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    1Mar1912; J167027–30.

  A TOO ARDENT LOVER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13July1903;
    H33413.

  TOO MANY BURGLARS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 4Oct1911; J161094.

  TOO MUCH CHAMPAGNE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10Feb1908;
    H106080.

  TOO MUCH JOHNSON. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Aug1903;
    H34816.

  TOO MUCH MOTHER-IN-LAW. © S. Lubin; 20Mar1907; H91743.

  TOO MUCH OF A GOOD THING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18Mar1903; H29475.

  TOODLES AND HER STRAWBERRY TART. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    28Oct1903; H37385.

  TOODLES RECITES A RECITATION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    6Nov1903; H37682.

  TOODLE’S STRAWBERRY TART. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Oct1903; H37281.

  TOODLES’ TEA-PARTY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Nov1903;
    H37681.

  TOODLE’S TEA PARTY (Thumb Book). © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Nov1903; H37832.

  THE TOPERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22June1905; H62507.

  TORERO SONG “CARMEN” (BIZET) © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Feb1909; H122580.

  TORPEDO ATTACK ON PORT ARTHUR [Russo-Japanese War]. © William N.
    Selig; 12Mar1904; H43184.

  TORPEDO BOAT, “DUPONT.” © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    17June1903; H32787.

  TORPEDO BOAT “MORRIS” RUNNING. © Thomas A. Edison; 12May1900; D10162.

  THE TOSS OF A COIN, scene 1. © Independent Moving Picture Co.;
    31Aug1911; J159430.

  TOSSING EGGS. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Apr1902; H16117.

  A TOTAL ACCIDENT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Aug1903;
    H34823.

  A TOUGH DANCE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902; H24891.

  TOUGH KID’S WATERLOO. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2July1902;
    H19653.

  THE TOURISTS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 7Aug1912; J172002.

  TOURISTS ARRIVING AT WAWONA HOTEL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 11May1903; H31667.

  TOURISTS EMBARKING AT JAFFA. © Thomas A. Edison; 17June1903; H32797.

  TOURISTS GOING ROUND YELLOWSTONE PARK. © Thomas A. Edison; 4Jan1899;
    2467.

  TOURISTS LANDING AT ISLAND OF CAPRI, ITALY. © Thomas A. Edison;
    11June1903; H32508.

  TOURISTS PLAYING SHUFFLEBOARD ON “PRINZESSEN VICTORIA LUISE.” © Thomas
    A. Edison; 8Apr1903; H30398.

  TOURISTS RETURNING ON DONKEYS FROM MIZPAH. © Thomas A. Edison;
    17June1903; H32805.

  TOURISTS STARTING FOR CANTON. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38209.

  TOURISTS STARTING ON DONKEYS FOR THE PYRAMIDS OF SAKKARAH. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 17June1903; H32801.

  TOURISTS TAKING WATER FROM THE RIVER JORDAN. © Thomas A. Edison;
    17June1903; H32809.

  THE TOWER OF LONDON. © Geo. Méliès; 23June1905.

      1. The Hall. H62545.

      2. The Tower of Beauchamp. H62546.

  THE TOYMAKER, THE DOLL AND THE DEVIL, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    18Nov1910; J148073–76.

  TRACKED BY A WOMAN. © S. Lubin; 15June1908; H111858.

  TRADING HIS MOTHER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 5July1911;
    J157553–56.

  THE TRADING STAMP CRAZE. © S. Lubin; 18July1906; H80901.

  THE TRAGEDY OF A DRESS SUIT. © Biograph Co.; 1c 17Aug1912; J172321.

  A TRAGEDY OF JAPAN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 22June1908;
    H112167.

  TRAGIC LOVE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Feb1909; H122691.

  THE TRAIL OF BOOKS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 13Nov1911; J162883.

  TRAILING THE COUNTERFEITER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 16Oct1911; J161681.

  TRAIN COMING OUT OF STATION, PHILADELPHIA, PA. © American Mutoscope
    Co.; 7Jan1897; 3539.

  TRAIN HOUR IN DURANGO, MEXICO. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13543.

  TRAIN OF SUGAR CANE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23May1902;
    H18041.

  TRAIN TAKING UP MAIL BAG [U.S.P.O.]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 1Oct1903; H36399.

  TRAIN TAKING WATER, N. Y. CENTRAL R. R., no. 80. © American Mutoscope
    Co.; 4Feb1897; 9239.

  THE TRAIN WRECKERS, scenes 1–13. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Nov1905;
    H69066–78.

  TRAINED CAVALRY HORSES [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    22June1898; 38235.

  THE TRAINER’S DAUGHTER; or, A RACE FOR LOVE, scenes 1–8. © Edison Mfg.
    Co.; 15Nov1907; H102559–66.

  A TRAITOR’S FATE. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 22July1912; J171835.

  TRAMP AND DUMP CART. © Paley & Steiner; 20Jan1905; H56272.

  THE TRAMP AND THE BATHERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Aug1903; H34807.

  THE TRAMP AND THE MATTRESS-MAKER. © Geo. Méliès; 28Mar1906; H75044.

  THE TRAMP AND THE MUSCULAR COOK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Apr1902; H16341.

  THE TRAMP AND THE NURSING BOTTLE. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Aug1901;
    H7981.

  THE TRAMP IN THE KITCHEN. © Thomas A. Edison; 26Nov1898; 69082.

  TRAMP ON A FARM. © Paley & Steiner; 27Oct1904; H52172.

  A TRAMP ON THE ROOF. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Apr1904;
    H44206.

  THE TRAMP’S DREAM. © Thomas A. Edison; 6May1901; H4079.

  THE TRAMP’S MIRACULOUS ESCAPE. © Thomas A. Edison; 31July1901; H7328.

  TRAMP’S NAP INTERRUPTED. © S. Lubin; 22Apr1901; H3527.

  TRAMP’S REVENGE. © S. Lubin; 27May1905; H61365.

  TRAMP’S STRATEGY THAT FAILED. © Thomas A. Edison; 15May1901; H4370.

  THE TRAMP’S UNEXPECTED SKATE. © Thomas A. Edison; 23May1901; H4567.

  THE TRANSFORMATION OF MIKE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 31Jan1912; J165425.

  TRANSPORT SHIPS AT PORT TAMPA [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 22June1898; 38242.

  TRANSPORT “WHITNEY” LEAVING DOCK [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 20May1898; 31447.

  TRANSPORTING INTERNAL REV. STAMPS, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 22Aug1903; H34994.

  A TRAP FOR SANTA CLAUS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 23Dec1909; J136186.

  TRAP PIGEON SHOOTING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 29Mar1907;
    H92138.

  TRAPEZE DISROBING ACT. © Thomas A. Edison; 11Nov1901; H10634.

  TRAPPERS CROSSING BALD MOUNTAIN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    21Sept1903; H35882.

  THE TRAPPER’S FIVE DOLLAR BILL, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.;
    12July1911; J158333–36.

  TRAVELS OF A LOST TRUNK. © Paley & Steiner; 4Apr1905; H58836.

  THE TREASURE; or, THE HOUSE NEXT DOOR. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    11Jan1909; H121464.

  TREASURE ISLAND, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 10May1912;
    J169298–301.

  TRELOAR AND MISS MARSHALL, PRIZE WINNERS AT THE PHYSICAL CULTURE SHOW
    IN MADISON SQUARE GARDEN. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Jan1904; H40945.

  TRIAL MARRIAGES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17Jan1907;
    H89469.

  THE TRIAL OF CAPTAIN DREYFUSS AT RENNES, FRANCE. © Siegmund Lubin;
    28Sept1899; 62929.

  THE TRIALS AND TROUBLES OF AN AUTOMOBILIST. © Paley & Steiner;
    27Oct1904; H52166.

  THE TRIANGLE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 3Sept1912;
    J176475–78.

  TRIBULATIONS OF A PHOTOGRAPHER. © S. Lubin; 25Aug1908; H115094.

  TRICK BEARS. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Nov1899; 77519.

  THE TRICK CYCLIST. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Sept1901; H8693.

  TRICK ELEPHANTS. © Thomas A. Edison; 8May1897; 28528–29, 28531.

  THE TRICK MAGIC LANTERN. © S. Lubin; 22Dec1903; H39817.

  A TRICK ON THE COP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17Mar1904;
    H43408.

  THE TRICK THAT FAILED. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3Dec1909; J135517.

  A TRICKY PAINTER’S FATE. © Geo. Méliès; 26Aug1908; H115115.

  TRILBY AND LITTLE BILLEE. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896; 68805.

  THE TRINITY. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 4Jan1912; J164089.

  A TRIP AROUND THE PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION. © Thomas A. Edison;
    8June1901; H4968.

  A TRIP DOWN MOUNT TAMALPAIS. © Miles Bros.; 21Apr1906; H75870.

  A TRIP FROM COLORADO SPRINGS TO CRIPPLE CREEK, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A.
    Edison, Inc.; 16Dec1911; J164298–301.

  A TRIP ON THE CATSKILL MT. RY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9May1906; H77051.

  A TRIP OVER THE ROCKY AND SELKIRK MOUNTAINS IN CANADA, scenes 1–4. ©
    Edison Mfg. Co.; 8Nov1910; J147693–96.

  A TRIP THROUGH THE YELLOWSTONE PARK, U. S. A., scenes 1–14. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 8Nov1906; H84790-H848O3.

  A TRIP TO BERKELEY, CAL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    23June1906; H79820.

  A TRIP TO MARS. © Siegmund Lubin; 4May1903; H31340.

  A TRIP TO MARS, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 18Feb1910; J138566–68.

  A TRIP TO SALT LAKE CITY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    5June1905; H61569.

  TRIP TO THE MOON. © S. Lubin; 26June1899; 41525.

  TRIUMPHAL BRIDGE, PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 11Mar1903; H29163.

  TROOP B, 15TH U. S. CAVALRY BAREBACK SQUAD IN THE MONKEY DRILL AT FORT
    MYER, VIRGINIA. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 14Jan1910; J137402.

  TROOP SHIPS FOR THE PHILIPPINES [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 22June1898; 38210.

  TROOPS AT EVACUATION OF HAVANA [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 20Jan1899; 7258.

  TROOPS EMBARKING AT SAN FRANCISCO [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 22June1898; 38256.

  TROOPS MAKING MILITARY ROAD IN FRONT OF SANTIAGO [Spanish-American
    War]. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52059.

  TROUBLE IN HOGAN’S ALLEY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13Aug1903; H34515.

  THE TROUBLES OF A BUTLER, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    29Nov1911; J164362–65.

  TROUBLES OF A FLIRT. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 20Mar1908;
    H107707.

  TROUBLES OF A MANAGER OF A BURLESQUE SHOW. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 19Jan1904; H41027.

  THE TROUBLES OF A STRANDED ACTOR. © S. Lubin; 27Nov1908; H118913.

  THE TROUBLES OF AN AMATEUR DETECTIVE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    12June1909; H128249.

  TROUBLES OF TOO ARDENT ADMIRERS. © S. Lubin; 9Mar1908; H107117.

  THE TROUBLESOME BABY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 21Nov1910; J147936.

  THE TROUBLESOME FLY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 1May1902;
    H17228.

  A TROUBLESOME SATCHEL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Apr1909;
    H125729.

  TROUT FISHING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902; H24877.

  TROUT FISHING, RANGELEY LAKES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    3Jan1906; H71525.

  TROUT POACHERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Dec1902; H24878.

  IL TROVATORE (VERDI). © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Feb1909; H122576.

  THE TRUANT; or, HOW WILLIE FIXED HIS DAD. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 3Aug1909; J130311.

  THE TRUANTS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 4Apr1907; H92290.

  TRUE HEARTS ARE MORE THAN CORONETS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    2Apr1908; H108160.

  TRUE LOVE NEVER RUNS SMOOTHLY, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    24Sept1909; J132345–47.

  A TRUE PATRIOT. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 9Sept1909; J134300.

  TRUE ’TILL DEATH. © G. Méliès, Inc.; 16Apr1912; J168168.

  THE TRUER LOVE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10May1909; H126777.

  THE TRY OUT, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 31Jan1911; J151545–48.

  TRYING IT ON THE DOG. © Winthrop Press; 6Sept1906; H82615.

  TRYING TO FOOL UNCLE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 12July1912; J171147.

  TRYING TO GET ARRESTED. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    31Mar1909; H125118.

  TUB RACE. © Thomas A. Edison; 1Sept1903; H35325.

  A TUMULTUOUS ELOPEMENT. © Geo. Méliès; 10Nov1909; J134155.

  TUNNEL NUMBER THREE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Apr1902;
    H16926.

  THE TUNNEL WORKERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Nov1906;
    H84943.

  TUNNELING THE CHANNEL. © Geo. Méliès; 5July1907; H95991.

  TURKISH DANCE, ELLA LOLA. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Oct1898; 59210.

  TURNED TO THE WALL, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 21Apr1911;
    J154797–800.

  TURNING OVER A NEW LEAF, scenes 1–3, [4–6]. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    26Dec1908; H120402–07.

  TURNING THE TABLES. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10Dec1910; J148648.

  TURNING THE TABLES. © Thomas A. Edison; 1Sept1903; H35327.

  TURNING THE TABLES, 4 scenes. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 30Sept1911;
    J160341–44.

  TURNING THE TABLES; or, WAITING ON THE WAITER. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 21Apr1908; H109580.

  ’TWEEN TWO LOVES. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 28Sept1911;
    J160311.

  TWELVE IN A BARREL. © S. Lubin; 1July1901; H5694.

  THE TWENTIETH CENTURY TRAMP; or, HAPPY HOOLIGAN AND HIS AIRSHIP. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 27Jan1902; H13363.

  25TH INFANTRY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 21May1902; H17963.

  TWENTY MULE TEAM, ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION [Louisiana Purchase
    Exposition]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24May1904; H46315.

  TWENTY YEARS IN SING-SING. © America’s Feature Film Co.; 1c 20Dec1911;
    J163759.

  TWIN BROTHERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Apr1909;
    H125730.

  THE TWIN TOWERS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 25Apr1911;
    J154801–04.

  THE TWISTED TRAIL. © Biograph Co.; 1c 28Mar1910; J139618.

  ’TWIXT LOVE AND DUTY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 9July1908;
    H113233.

  2 A. M. IN THE SUBWAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    20June1905; H62448.

  TWO AFFINITIES; or, A DOMESTIC REUNION. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 29Oct1908; H117588.

  TWO BOTTLE BABIES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Aug1904;
    H48984.

  TWO BROKEN HEARTS; the story of a worthless husband and a faithful
    dog. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 2Oct1908; H116418.

  THE TWO BROTHERS. © Biograph Co.; 14May1910; J141292.

  THE TWO BROTHERS. SEE Francesca Di Rimini.

  TWO BROTHERS OF THE G. A. R. © S. Lubin; 28May1908; H111142.

  TWO CHAPPIES IN A BOX. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Oct1903; H36498.

  TWO COMPANIES, ROYAL CANADIAN REGIMENT. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 16Apr1902; H16643.

  THE TWO CONVICTS. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 22Apr1912; J168441–42.

  TWO COUSINS. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 15July1909; J134164.

  TWO CRAZY BUGS. © Geo. Méliès; 29July1908; H113974.

  THE TWO FLATS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 3Jan1912;
    J164568–71.

  THE TWO HEROES, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 26Apr1911;
    J154972–75.

  TWO HOURS AFTER CHICKENS LEAVE THE SHELLS. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 22Apr1902; H16923.

  TWO IS COMPANY, THREE A CROWD. © Paley & Steiner; 27Oct1904; H52168.

  TWO KNIGHTS IN A BARROOM, scenes 1–5. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    3Apr1912; J168011–15.

  TWO LITTLE DOGS. © S. Lubin; 13June1908; H111813.

  TWO LITTLE SHOES. © S. Lubin; 15June1908; H111859.

  TWO LITTLE WAIFS. © Biograph Co.; 3Nov1910; J147286.

  TWO MEMORIES. © Biograph Co.; 22May1909; H127384.

  TWO OF A KIND, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 1Oct1909; J132748–50.

  TWO OFFICERS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 18Aug1911;
    J159386–89.

  TWO OLD CRONIES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Feb1903;
    H28558.

  TWO ORPHANS OF THE G. A. R. © S. Lubin; 27Nov1908; H118911.

  THE TWO PATHS. © Biograph Co.; 4Jan1911; J150122.

  TWO RUBES AT THE THEATRE. © S. Lubin; 7Mar1901; H1773.

  TWO SAILORS AND A GIRL. SEE For Her Sake.

  TWO SEEDY RUBES: THEY HAVE A HOT TIME IN THE OLD TOWN. © S. Lubin;
    26Oct1906; H84213.

  THE TWO SIDES. © Biograph Co.; 1c 3May1911; J154897.

  TWO SIDES OF THE WALL. © S. Lubin; 15June1908; H111860.

  THE TWO SISTERS. SEE Avenged.

  THE TWO SONS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 29Dec1908; H120475.

  TWO STRENUOUS RUBES. © Paley & Steiner; 12Aug1905; H64667.

  TWO TALENTED VAGABONDS. © Geo. Méliès; 26Aug1908; H115112.

  TWO THOUSAND MILES WITHOUT A DOLLAR. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    13Aug1907; H98138.

  THE TWO TRAVELING BOYS; or, THE ADVENTURES OF PERCY WHITE AND PAULINE
    WELLS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 29May1908; H111180.

  TWO VALENTINES, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 8Feb1911; J152138–41.

  TWO WHITE ROSES, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 26Aug1911;
    J159398–401.

  TWO WOMEN AND A MAN. © Biograph Co.; 1c 17Nov1909; J134952.

  TWO’S COMPANY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 10Apr1902; H16353.

  TWO’S COMPANY, THREE’S A CROWD. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    6Oct1908; H116608.

  TYING UP BAGS FOR TRAIN, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Aug1903; H34971.

  THE TYPEWRITER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23771.


                                   U

  THE UGLY TEMPERED TRAMP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18Mar1903; H29468.

  ULYSSES AND GIANT POLYPHEMUS. © Geo. Méliès; 22July1905; H63651.

  UMBRELLA BRIGADE [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    15Mar1897; 17413.

  UNAPPRECIATED GENIUS, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 3Apr1909;
    H125276–77.

  THE UNCHANGING SEA. © Biograph Co.; 1c 7May1910; J141155.

  THE UNAPPRECIATED JOKE. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Aug1903; H34328.

  UNCLE HIRAM’S LIST, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 30Dec1911;
    J165031–34.

  UNCLE JOSH AT THE MOVING PICTURE SHOW. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Jan1902;
    H13364.

  UNCLE JOSH IN A SPOOKY HOTEL. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Mar1900; D6367.

  UNCLE JOSH’S NIGHTMARE. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Mar1900; D6366.

  UNCLE PETE’S RUSE. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 16Oct1911;
    J161454.

  UNCLE REUBEN AT THE WALDORF. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    28Oct1903; H37384.

  UNCLE REUBEN’S COURTSHIP. © S. Lubin; 1Feb1909; H122286.

  UNCLE TOM WINS, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 30Apr1909; H126355–56.

  UNCLE TOM’S CABIN. © Siegmund Lubin; 1May1903; H31304.

  UNCLE TOM’S CABIN. © Thomas A. Edison; 30July1903; H34001.

  UNCLE’S BIRTHDAY GIFT, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 18Jan1911;
    J151321–24.

  UNCLE’S PRESENT. SEE The Inquisitive Boy.

  UNCLE’S VISIT. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 27Nov1911; J163103.

  UNDER BURNING SKIES. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20Feb1912; J166557.

  UNDER FALSE COLORS. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 22Nov1907;
    H102761.

  UNDER NORTHERN SKIES, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 6Jan1909;
    H121328–31.

  UNDER THE BAMBOO TREE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22June1905; H62506.

  UNDER THE MISTLETOE. © Thomas A. Edison; 19Dec1903; H39740.

  UNDER THE OLD APPLE TREE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    30Oct1907; H101833.

  UNDER THE SEAS. © George Méliès; 18Mar1907; H91551.

  UNDER THE STEAM HAMMER. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 5Jun1909; H128031.

  UNDER THE TREE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Mar1904;
    H43563.

  UNDER THE TROPICAL SUN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    12Sept1911; J160004–07.

  AN UNPROTECTED FEMALE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 2July1903;
    H33205.

  UNEXPECTED FIREWORKS. © Geo. Méliès; 22July1905; H63650.

  AN UNEXPECTED GUEST. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 12Aug1909; J132277.

  UNEXPECTED HELP. © Biograph Co.; 30July1910; J143826.

  AN UNEXPECTED KNOCKOUT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Apr1902; H16345.

  THE UNEXPECTED REWARD, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 29July1910;
    J143937–40.

  AN UNEXPECTED SANTA CLAUS, scenes 1–7. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 23Dec1908;
    H120271–77.

  THE UNFAITHFUL ODALISQUE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    18Mar1903; H29472.

  THE UNFAITHFUL WIFE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28July1903.

      The lover. H33877.

      The fight. H33878.

      Murder and suicide. H33879.

  THE UNFINISHED LETTER, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.; 2Aug1911;
    J158531–34.

  UNION IRON WORKS. © Thomas A. Edison; 10Mar1898; 16436.

  UNION SQUARE [New York City]. © American Mutoscope Co.; 16Dec1896;
    68819.

  A UNIQUE RACE BETWEEN ELEPHANT, BICYCLE, CAMEL, HORSE AND AUTOMOBILE.
    © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 12Apr1902; H16378.

  U. S. ARTILLERY MANOEUVERS. © Imp Films Co.; 27Apr1912; J168740.

  U. S. BATTLESHIP “INDIANA” [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    21Apr1898; 25322.

  U. S. BATTLESHIP “IOWA” [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    21Apr1898; 25321.

  U. S. BATTLESHIP “OREGON” [Spanish-American War]. © American Mutoscope
    & Biograph Co.; 12Sept1903; H35637.

  U. S. BATTLESHIP “OREGON” [Spanish-American War; New York City Welcome
    to Admiral Sampson’s Fleet after Battle of Santiago Bay]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52050.

  U. S. CAVALRY HORSES. © Imp Films Co.; 16Mar1912; J167234.

  U. S. CAVALRY SUPPLIES UNLOADING AT TAMPA, FLORIDA [Spanish-American
    War]. © Thomas A. Edison; 20May1898; 31431.

  U. S. CRUISER “BROOKLYN,” NAVAL PARADE [Spanish-American War; New York
    City Welcome to Admiral Sampson’s Fleet after Battle of Santiago
    Bay]. © Thomas A. Edison; 3Sept1898; 52049.

  U. S. CRUISER “NASHVILLE” [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    21Apr1898; 25329.

  U. S. CRUISER “OLYMPIA” LEADING NAVAL PARADE. © Thomas A. Edison;
    7Nov1899; 72835.

  U. S. CRUISER “RALEIGH” [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    22Apr1899; 27967.

  UNITED STATES FLAG. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3541.

  UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT GUN TEST. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 6Mar1903; H29005.

  U. S. INFANTRY SUPPORTED BY ROUGH RIDERS AT EL CANEY [Spanish-American
    War]. © Thomas A. Edison; 5June1899; 37442.

  UNITED STATES LIFE-SAVING DRILLS, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    14June1910; J142382–84.

  U. S. SANITARY SQUAD FUMIGATING A HOUSE [Panama Canal]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 12Apr1907; H92572.

  U. S. S. “CASTINE.” © Thomas A. Edison; 21Apr1898; 25328.

  U. S. SUBMARINE “SALMON,” scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 5Aug1910;
    J144069–72.

  U. S. TROOPS AND RED CROSS IN THE TRENCHES BEFORE CALOOCAN [P. I.]
    [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison; 5June1899; 37441.

  U. S. TROOPS LANDING AT DAIQUIRI, CUBA [Spanish-American War]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 5Aug1898; 46690.

  U. S. VOLUNTEER LIFE SAVING CORPS, NEW YORK CITY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas
    A. Edison, Inc.; 27Jan1912; J165377–80.

  AN UNKNOWN LANGUAGE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 20Sept1911;
    J160024–27.

  UNLOADING HALIBUT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Mar1903;
    H29162.

  UNLOADING LIGHTERS, MANILA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    19Aug1903; H34818.

  UNLUCKY AT CARDS, LUCKY AT LOVE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Sept1905; H65317.

  THE UNLUCKY HORSESHOE. © S. Lubin; 22Dec1908; H120174.

  AN UNLUCKY LOVER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Mar1903;
    H29159.

  AN UNPROTECTED FEMALE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    20June1903; H33026.

  AN UNSELFISH LOVE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 20Sept1910;
    J145950–53.

  THE UNSPOKEN GOODBYE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 21Sept1909;
    J132178.

  AN UNSUCCESSFUL SUBSTITUTION, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    29Apr1909; H126333–34.

  THE UNTAMABLE WHISKERS. © George Méliès; 23Feb1904; H42526.

  AN UNUSUAL SACRIFICE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 26Apr1912;
    J168800–03.

  THE UNVEILING. © Biograph Co.; 1c 17Oct1911; J161771.

  UNVEILING OF THE WASHINGTON MONUMENT. © Siegmund Lubin; 19May1897;
    30444.

  AN UNWELCOME VISITOR. © Thomas A. Edison; 10Mar1898; 16430.

  THE UNWRITTEN LAW: A THRILLING DRAMA BASED ON THE THAW WHITE CASE. ©
    S. Lubin; 4Mar1907; H90973.

  UP A TREE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 30Apr1910; J141018.

  UP AGAINST IT. © Imp Films Co.; 1June1912; J169858.

  UP THE LADDER WITH TOM BOWLINE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    6July1909; J129752–55.

  UP-TO-DATE CLOTHES CLEANING. © Geo. Méliès; 16May1908; H110582.

  AN UP-TO-DATE ELOPEMENT. SEE Love Vs. Title.

  THE UPLIFTING OF MR. BARKER, scenes 1–2. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 20Feb1909;
    H123196–97.

  UPPER FALLS OF THE YELLOWSTONE. © Thomas A. Edison; 6May1901; H4084.

  UPPER RAPIDS, FROM BRIDGE [Niagara Falls]. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    7Jan1897; 3557.

  THE USURER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 18Aug1910; J144488.

  THE USURER’S GRIP, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 4Oct1912;
    J176565–68.


                                   V

  A VACATION IN HAVANA, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 15July1910;
    J143376–79.

  THE VAIDIS SISTERS, LUNA PARK [Coney Island]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 6Oct1903; H36552.

  VALENTINE AND ORSON. © Siegmund Lubin; 4May1903; H31338.

  THE VALET’S VINDICATION, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 26Aug1910;
    J145135–38.

  THE VALET’S WIFE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Nov1908;
    H118992.

  THE VAMPIRE DANCER, parts 1–2. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 17Apr1912;
    J168228–29.

  VAN BIBBER’S EXPERIMENT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    16June1911; J156605–08.

  THE VANISHING LADY. © Geo. Méliès; 11Oct1904; H51505.

  VANISHING LADY. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Dec1898; 73463.

  VANITY FAIR, no. 1–6. © Vitagraph Co. of America; 19Dec1911;
    J163153–58.

  THE VAQUERO’S VOW. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Oct1908;
    H116506.

  THE VATICAN GUARDS, ROME. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Sept1903; H35644.

  VAULTING CONTEST, MEADOWBROOK HUNT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 26Feb1903; H28678.

  THE VEILED BEAUTY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 25Oct1907; H101611.

  THE VENETIAN LOOKING-GLASS. © George Méliès; 11May1905; H60799.

  VENGEANCE, parts 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 21Feb1912; J166581–83.

  VENICE IN AMERICA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8July1903;
    H33280.

  THE VENOM OF POPPY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 22Aug1911;
    J158916–19.

  VERY MUCH ENGAGED, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 5June1912;
    J170203–06.

  VICE-PRESIDENT HOBART’S ESCORT [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 15Mar1897; 17408.

  A VICTIM OF BRIDGE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 22Feb1910;
    J138624–27.

  A VICTIM OF CIRCUMSTANCES. © Biograph Co.; 1c 4Nov1911; J162531.

  A VICTIM OF CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 6July1903; H33398.

  A VICTIM OF JEALOUSY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 11June1910; J142237.

  A VICTIM OF THE MORMONS, parts 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 21Nov1911;
    J163085–87.

  THE VICTIM SNARED. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904;
    H46949.

  VICTORIOUS SQUADRON FIRING SALUTE [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 30Aug1898; 50857.

  VIEW ON BOULEVARD, NEW YORK CITY. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896;
    68825.

  VIEWS IN CALCUTTA, INDIA, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    31May1912; J169938–41.

  VIEWS IN SAN FRANCISCO [San Francisco Earthquake]. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19May1906; H77927.

  VIEWS OF HOT SPRINGS, ARK. © Independent Moving Picture Co.;
    28Aug1911; J159429.

      On same reel with His Royal Highness.

  VIEWS OF LOS ANGELES. © Imp Films Co.; 25May1912; J169557.

  THE VIKING’S DAUGHTER; a story of the ancient Norsemen. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 21July1908; H113728.

  THE VILLAGE CUT-UP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Jun1906;
    H79739.

  THE VILLAGE HERO. © Biograph Co.; 1c 12Sept1911; J159946.

  THE VILLAIN FOILED. © Biograph Co.; 1c 5Sept1911; J159733.

  THE VIOLIN MAKER OF CREMONA. © Biograph Co.; 9June1909; H128159.

  VIRGINIUS; James Sheridan Knowles’ Roman tragedy. © The Vitagraph Co.
    of America; 22Jan1909; H121844.

  VISION OF MARY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11May1903;
    H31673.

  A VISIT TO BABY ROGER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 31Dec1902;
    H25969.

  “VIZCAYA” UNDER FULL HEADWAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Apr1903; H30741.

  A VOICE FROM THE DEAD, scenes 1–6. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 10Oct1908;
    H116817–22.

  A VOICE FROM THE DEEP. © Biograph Co.; 1c 21Mar1912; J167394.

  THE VOICE OF THE CHILD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 29Dec1911; J164068.

  THE VOICE OF THE VIOLIN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    17Mar1909; H124289.

  VON WEBER’S LAST WALTZ, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    10Feb1912; J166389–92.


                                   W

  THE WADERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Aug1903; H35099.

  THE WAGER AND THE WAGE EARNERS, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    9June1911; J156613–16.

  THE WAGES OF SIN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13Aug1903.

      Murder. H34511.

      Retribution. H34512.

  THE WAGES OF SIN; an Italian tragedy. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    9Sept1908; H115456.

  THE WAGES OF SIN. SEE The Farmer’s Daughter.

  WAGON SUPPLY TRAIN EN ROUTE [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 22June1898; 38244.

  WAGONS LOADING MAIL, U.S.P.O. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Aug1903; H34995.

  THE WAIF. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Apr1904; H44209.

  THE WAIF. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 26Oct1911; J161915.

  WAITER NO. 5. © Biograph Co.; 1c 10Nov1910; J147562.

  WAITING AT THE CHURCH. © Belcher & Waterson; 1Feb1907; H90028.

  WAITING AT THE CHURCH. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 6Nov1911;
    J162857.

  WAITING AT THE CHURCH, scenes 1–5. © Thomas A. Edison; 21July1906;
    H81034–38.

  WAITING FOR BILL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23Dec1903;
    H39909.

  WAITING FOR SANTA CLAUS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12June1902; H18892.

  WAITING ON THE WAITER. SEE Turning the Tables.

  A WAKE IN “HELL’S KITCHEN” [New York City]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 12June1903; H32563.

  WALL SCALING. © Thomas A. Edison; 25Oct1897; 60589.

  THE WALLACE JEWELS, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 1Oct1909;
    J132751–55.

  WAND DANCE, PUEBLO INDIANS. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13563.

  THE WANDERING JEW. © Geo. Méliès; 29Dec1904.

      1st part. The Shore of the Dead Sea. H55058.

      2d part. The Cliffs of Despond. H55059.

  WANTED, A CHILD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 2Oct1909; J132957.

  WANTED: A DOG. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Apr1905; H58987.

  WANTED—A HUSBAND. © S. Lubin.

      © 26Oct1906; H84214.

      © 6Apr1907; H92384.

  WANTED—A MILITARY MAN. © S. Lubin; 25Aug1908; H115095.

  WANTED—A NURSE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 27Sept1906;
    H83223.

  WAR CANOE RACE. © Thomas A. Edison; 28May1904; H46579.

  WAR CORRESPONDENTS [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A. Edison;
    21Apr1898; 25320.

  THE WAR ON THE MOSQUITO, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    24Aug1912; J176447–50.

  WAR ON THE PLAINS, parts 1–2. © New York Motion Picture Co.;
    23Feb1912; J166584.

  A WARM OCCASION. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Feb1904;
    H42041.

  A WARRIOR BOLD, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 14Jan1910; J137406–08.

  WAS HE A COWARD? © Biograph Co.; 1c 20Mar1911; J153322.

  WAS JUSTICE SERVED? © Biograph Co.; 19June1909; H128592.

  WASH-DAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Sept1902; H21506.

  WASH DAY IN MEXICO. © Thomas A. Edison; 24Feb1898; 13544.

  THE WASHERWOMAN’S REVENGE. © S. Lubin; 3Sept1908; H115284.

  WASHING CLOTHES AT SICILY. © Thomas A. Edison; 11June1903; H32553.

  WASHING GOLD ON 20 ABOVE HUNKER, KLONDIKE [Alaska Gold Rush]. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 6May1901; H4080.

  WASHING SHEEP, HUMUNLA RANCH, HAWAII. © Thomas A. Edison; 11Aug1906;
    H81960.

  WASHING THE BABY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 14Jan1903;
    H26950.

  WASHINGTON BRIDGE AND SPEEDWAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Apr1903; H30751.

  WASHINGTON CONTINENTAL GUARDS [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 15Mar1897; 17407.

  WASHINGTON UNDER THE AMERICAN FLAG. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    3July1909; J129522.

  WASHINGTON UNDER THE BRITISH FLAG. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    12June1909; H128248.

  THE WASHWOMAN’S DAUGHTER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    20June1903; H32865.

  THE WASHWOMAN’S TROUBLES. © Thos. A. Edison; 21Apr1897; 24893.

  WATER BUFFALO, MANILA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Aug1903;
    H34819.

  WATER BUFFALO WALLOWING, HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. © Thomas A. Edison;
    13Nov1906; H85051.

  WATER DUEL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 7Feb1903; H27983.

  WATER NYMPHS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Sept1902; H21504.

  THE WATER SPRITE; a legend of the Rhine. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 3Aug1908; H114179.

  WATERFALL IN THE CATSKILLS. © Thomas A. Edison; 31July1897; 43413.

  WATERMELON CONTEST. © Thomas A. Edison; 28June1900; D13285.

  THE WATERMELON PATCH, scenes 1–9. © Thomas A. Edison; 20Oct1905;
    H67930–38.

  WAWONA, BIG TREE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30739.

  THE WAY OF MAN. © Biograph Co.; 28June1909; H129205.

  THE WAY OF THE CROSS; a story of ancient Rome. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 21Aug1909; J130839.

  THE WAY OF THE WORLD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 27Apr1910; J140899.

  THE WAY THEY FOOLED DAD. © S. Lubin; 5Aug1908; H114302.

  THE WAY TO SELL CORSETS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Feb1904; H42036.

  THE WEALTHY RIVAL; or, A SUMMER STORY THAT NEEDS NO EXPLANATION. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 14Sept1909; J131848.

  THE WEARY HUNTERS AND THE MAGICIAN. © Thomas A. Edison; 27Jan1902;
    H13361.

  WEARY WILLIE AND THE GARDENER. © Thomas A. Edison; 21Aug1901; H7982.

  WEARY WILLIE KIDNAPS A CHILD. © Thomas A. Edison; 7June1904; H46907.

  WEARY WILLIE’S REVENGE. © S. Lubin; 17Oct1908; H117115.

  WEARYBONES SEEKS REST, AND GETS IT. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    10July1909; J129523.

  WEARY’S CHRISTMAS DINNER. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 8Dec1908;
    H119399.

  THE WEB OF FATE, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 20Aug1909;
    J130898–900.

  THE WEDDING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19May1905; H61108.

  THE WEDDING BELL, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 17Mar1911;
    J153375–78.

  A WEDDING BY CORRESPONDENCE. © Geo. Méliès; 11Oct1904; H51504.

  A WEDDING TRIP FROM MONTREAL THROUGH CANADA TO HONG KONG, scenes 1–4.
    © Edison Mfg. Co.; 21Oct1910; J146926–29.

  WEIGHING THE BABY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6Oct1903;
    H36558.

  A WELCOME BURGLAR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Jan1909;
    H121797.

  WELDING THE BIG RING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Apr1904;
    H45002.

  A WELSH RABBIT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.

      © 2July1903; H33206.

      © 28July1903; H33880.

  WEST INDIAN BOYS DIVING FOR MONEY. © Thomas A. Edison; 28Jan1903;
    H27647.

  WEST INDIAN GIRLS IN NATIVE DANCE. © Thomas A. Edison; 8Apr1903;
    H30404.

  WEST POINT CADET CAVALRY. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896;
    68813–14.

  WEST POINT CADET CAVALRY CHARGE. © The International Film Co.;
    13Nov1896; 62085.

  WEST POINT CADET CAVALRY DRILL. © The International Film Co.;
    13Nov1896; 62083.

  WEST POINT CADET DRILL. © American Mutoscope Co.; 18Dec1896; 68812.

  WEST POINT CADETS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9Jan1903;
    H26847.

  WEST POINT CADETS [Spanish-American War; Dewey Homecoming, New York
    City]. © Thos. A. Edison; 7Oct1899; 65372.

  WEST POINT CADETS, ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION [Louisiana Purchase
    Exposition]. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18June1904;
    H47333.

  WESTERN COURTSHIP; a love story of Arizona. © The Vitagraph Co. of
    America; 28Aug1908; H115155.

  WESTERN JUSTICE. © The Selig Polyscope; 21June1907; H95425.

  A WESTERN NIGHT, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 6Jan1911; J150738–41.

  A WESTERN PRINCE CHARMING, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    25May1912; J169659–62.

  A WESTERN ROMANCE, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 22Mar1910;
    J139418–20.

  A WESTERN ROMANCE IN THE DAYS OF ’49. © S. Lubin; 15June1908; H111861.

  WESTERN STAGE COACH HOLD UP. © Thomas A. Edison; 18May1904; H46143.

  WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE CO. WESTINGHOUSE CO. WORKS (CASTING SCENE.) ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23July1904; H48413.

  WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE CO. WESTINGHOUSE CO. WORKS (MOULDING SCENE.) ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23July1904; H48414.

  WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE CO. WESTINGHOUSE WORKS. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 23July1904; H48417.

  WESTMINSTER KENNEL CLUB DOG SHOW, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 1June1912; J169942–45.

  WHARF SCENE AND NATIVES SWIMMING AT ST. THOMAS, D. W. I. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 8Apr1903; H30405.

  WHARF SCENE, HONOLULU. © Thomas A. Edison; 22June1898; 38222.

  WHAT A WOMAN WILL DO, scene 1. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 5Aug1912;
    J172201.

  WHAT ARE THE WILD WAVES SAYING SISTER? © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 28Aug1903; H35097.

  WHAT BOYS WILL DO. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 17June1903;
    H32784.

  WHAT BURGLAR BILL FOUND IN THE SAFE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 8Jan1904; H40722.

  WHAT DEMORALIZED THE BARBER SHOP. © Thomas A. Edison.

      © 16Dec1898; 73465.

      © 11Sept1901; H8587.

  WHAT DRINK DID. © Biograph Co.; 28May1909; H127702.

  WHAT HAPPENED IN THE TUNNEL. © Thomas A. Edison; 6Nov1903; H37683.

  WHAT HAPPENED ON TWENTY-THIRD STREET, NEW YORK CITY. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 21Aug1901; H7985.

  WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    24Feb1903; H28560.

  WHAT HE SAID HE WOULD DO AND WHAT HE REALLY DID. SEE The Braggart.

  WHAT ONE SMALL BOY CAN DO. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 16Apr1908;

  WHAT SHALL WE DO WITH OUR OLD? © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Feb1911; J152019.

  WHAT THE CARDS FORETOLD, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7Dec1909;
    J135764–67.

  WHAT THE DAISY SAID. © Biograph Co.; 1c 13July1910; J143189.

  WHAT THE DOCTOR ORDERED. © Biograph Co.; 1c 7Aug1912; J172003.

  WHAT’S YOUR HURRY? © Biograph Co.; 1c 1Nov1909; J134043.

  WHEN A MAN LOVES. © Biograph Co.; 1c 9Jan1911; J150480.

  WHEN CASEY JOINED THE LODGE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    1June1908; H111202.

  WHEN KINGS WERE THE LAW. © Biograph Co.; 1c 20May1912; J169418.

  WHEN KNIGHTS WERE BOLD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    13May1908; H110506.

  WHEN LIPS ARE SEALED. © S. Lubin; 5Aug1908; H114300.

  WHEN MA GOES SHOPPING. © S. Lubin; 16Dec1908; H119730.

  WHEN OUR SHIP COMES IN. © S. Lubin; 3Sept1908; H115287.

  WHEN PASSION BLINDS HONESTY, parts 1–3. © Ingvald C. Oes; 1c 3Feb1912;
    J165548–50.

  WHEN RUBEN COMES TO TOWN, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 14Aug1908;
    H114567–70.

  WHEN SHE WAS ABOUT SIXTEEN, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    31July1912; J171952–55.

  WHEN THE FIRE-BELLS RANG. © Biograph Co.; 1c 13May1912; J169194.

  WHEN THE FLAG FALLS. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 2Aug1909; J132278.

  WHEN THIEF MEETS THIEF. SEE Levitsky’s Insurance Policy.

  WHEN WE WERE IN OUR TEENS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 19Aug1910; J144497.

  WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    1May1902; H17227.

  WHEN WIFEY HOLDS THE PURSE STRINGS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 25Sept1911;
    J160415.

  WHEN WOMEN VOTE. © S. Lubin; 25Mar1907; H91921.

  WHERE BREAKERS ROAR. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 15Sept1908;
    H115623.

  WHERE IS MY WANDERING BOY TONIGHT? scenes 1–7. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    9Jan1909; H121437–43.

  WHERE PATHS MEET. © Imp Films Co.; 1Apr1912; J167694.

  WHERE THERE’S A WILL THERE’S A WAY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America;
    21Apr1909; H126018.

  WHERE THERE’S A WILL THERE’S A WAY. SEE The Determined Lover.

  WHERE’S THAT QUARTER. SEE His Week’s Wages.

  WHICH WAS THE HAPPIEST TIME IN YOUR LIFE? © S. Lubin; 16Dec1908;
    H119731.

  WHILE STROLLING IN THE PARK. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    12Jan1904; H40804.

  WHIPPING BEAR. © Charles J. Jones; 15Jan1906; H71991.

  WHIRLPOOL RAPIDS—FROM CANADIAN SHORE [Niagara Falls]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 24Dec1896; 70079.

  THE WHITE CAPS. © Thomas A. Edison; 14Sept1905; H65546.

  THE WHITE CHIEF. © S. Lubin; 6July1908; H112824.

  WHITE FOX MOTOR BOAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 1June1906;
    H78532.

  WHITE HORSE RAPIDS. © Thomas A. Edison; 4Apr1900; D7246.

  THE WHITE MAN’S FIRST SMOKE; or, PURITAN DAYS IN AMERICA. © The
    Vitagraph Co. of America; 27July1907; H97262.

  THE WHITE ROSE OF THE WILDS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 27May1911; J155961.

  WHITE ROSES. © Biograph Co.; 1c 24Dec1910; J149494.

  THE WHITE SAVIOR. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 27July1912; J171840.

  WHITE STAR S. S. BALTIC LEAVING PIER ON FIRST EASTERN VOYAGE. © Thomas
    A. Edison; 16July1904; H48202.

  WHITE WINGS ON REVIEW. © Thomas A. Edison; 20May1903; H32033.

  WHITLER’S WITLESS WANDERINGS, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    15Oct1909; J133434–37.

  WHITTIER SCHOOL, CALISTHENICS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    2May1904; H45148.

  WHO GETS THE ORDER? scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 22Mar1911;
    J153485–88.

  WHO GOT THE REWARD? © Biograph Co.; 1c 8Jan1912; J164468.

  WHO KILLED COCK ROBIN? © Siegmund Lubin; 28Apr1903; H31232.

  WHO LOOKS, PAYS. © Geo. Méliès; 27Mar1906; H75006.

  WHO NEEDED THE DOUGH? © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 20Mar1908;
    H107708.

  WHO PAYS FOR THE DRINKS? © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    28Oct1903; H37379.

  WHO SAID CHICKEN? © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903;
    H30738.

  WHO SAID CHICKEN? © S. Lubin; 10July1901; H5885.

  WHO STOLE JONES’ WOOD. © S. Lubin; 17Oct1908; H117119.

  WHO WEARS THEM? © Imp Films Co.; 10Feb1912; J166568.

  THE WHOLE DAM FAMILY AND THE DAM DOG. © Thomas A. Edison; 31May1905;
    H61456.

  THE WHOLE WORLD KIN, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 24June1909;
    H128780–82.

  WHO’S BOSS OF THE HOUSE? © S. Lubin; 24July1907; H97081.

  WHO’S GOT THE RED EAR? © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Feb1903;
    H28552.

  WHO’S WHO. © Edison Mfg. Co.

      Scene 1. © 16Apr1909; H125908.

      Scene 2. © 16Apr1909; H125909.

      Scene 3. © 16Apr1909; H125910.

  WHY CURFEW DID NOT RING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    6Mar1903; H29000.

  WHY FOXY GRANDPA ESCAPED A DUCKING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph
    Co.; 6July1903; H33401.

  WHY GIRLS LEAVE HOME, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 28Sept1909;
    J132348–51.

  WHY HE GAVE UP. © Biograph Co.; 1c 5Dec1911; J163420.

  WHY HE SIGNED THE PLEDGE. © S. Lubin; 18Apr1908; H109520.

  WHY JONES DISCHARGED HIS CLERKS. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Jan1900; D780.

  WHY KRAUSMYER CAN’T SLEEP. © Siegmund Lubin; 11Aug1899; 51688.

  WHY MR. NATION WANTS A DIVORCE. © Thomas A. Edison; 1Mar1901; H1495.

  WHY MRS. JONES GOT A DIVORCE. © Thomas A. Edison; 17Jan1900; D1727.

  WHY PAPA CANNOT SLEEP, no. 108. © American Mutoscope Co.; 4Feb1897;
    9246.

  WHY PAPA CAN’T SLEEP. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 13June1903;
    H33409.

  WHY THAT ACTOR WAS LATE. © Geo. Méliès; 18Mar1908; H107644.

  WHY THE CHECK WAS GOOD. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 11Dec1911;
    J163608.

  WHY THE COOK WAS NOT FIRED. © S. Lubin; 7Apr1905; H58983.

  WHY THE MAIL WAS LATE. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 8Apr1909; H125500.

  THE WIDOW AND THE ONLY MAN. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    8Sept1904; H50221.

  THE WIDOW’S CLAIM, scene 1. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 13Aug1912;
    J172202.

  A WIFE’S AWAKENING. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 9Nov1911;
    J162417.

  A WIFE’S DEVOTION. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 7Apr1908; H108471.

  A WIFE’S ORDEAL, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 7June1909; H128138–42.

  WIFEY AWAY, HUBBY AT PLAY. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 23Aug1909; J132441.

  WIFEY’S MISTAKE. © Thomas A. Edison; 16Feb1904; H42202.

  WIFEY’S STRATEGY, scenes 1–7. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 16Sept1908;
    H115782–88.

  A WILD TURKEY HUNT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Jan1906;
    H71523.

  WILFUL PEGGY. © Biograph Co.; 1c 26Aug1910; J144684.

  WILL HE MARRY THE GIRL? © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    11Nov1902; H23778.

  WILLFUL MURDER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 23June1904;
    H47464.

  WILLIAM J. BRYAN IN THE BIOGRAPH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    10Sept1900; D17977.

  WM. MCKINLEY RECEIVING TELEGRAM ANNOUNCING HIS ELECTION. © American
    Mutoscope Co.; 11Nov1896; 61793.

  WILLIE BECOMES AN ARTIST. © Biograph Co.; 1c 30July1912; J171804.

  WILLIE BOY LOSES THE HEIRESS: AUNT MARY & THE BABY. © American
    Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 16Dec1904; H54356.

  WILLIE WESTINGHOUSE AND THE DOCTOR’S BATTERY. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 15May1903; H31953.

  WILLIE WISE AND HIS MOTOR BOAT, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    11Nov1911; J162469–72.

  WILLIE’S CAMERA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 6July1903;
    H33400.

  WILLIE’S FALL FROM GRACE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 9Sept1908;
    H115458.

  WILLIE’S FIRST SMOKE. © Thomas A. Edison; 4Feb1899; 10649.

  WILLIE’S HAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902; H23784.

  WILLIE’S NEW CAMERA. SEE The Snapshot Fiend.

  WILLIE’S PARTY. © S. Lubin; 6Apr1908; H108436.

  WILLIE’S VACATION. © Paley & Steiner; 8Nov1904; H52714.

  WILLIE’S WATER SPRINKLER. © S. Lubin; 4Jan1909; H121225.

  WINCHESTER ARMS FACTORY AT NOON TIME. © American Mutoscope Co.;
    4Feb1897; 9240.

  THE WINDS OF FATE, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 15Aug1911;
    J159383–85.

  A WINDY DAY ON THE ROOF. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    6Apr1904; H44207.

  WINE GARDEN SCENE. © Thomas A. Edison; 23Oct1896; 58469.

  THE WINE OPENER. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 20June1905;
    H62447.

  WINE, WOMEN & SONG. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Jan1906;
    H71530.

      [1.] 3Jan1906; H71530.

      2. 30Dec1905; H71425.

  WINNIE’S DANCE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 13Apr1912;
    J168260–63.

  WINNING BACK HIS LOVE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 24Dec1910; J149495.

  THE WINNING COAT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Apr1909;
    H125503.

  THE WINNING MISS. © Independent Moving Picture Co.; 8Jan1912; J164368.

  THE WINNING OF MISS LANGDON, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 6Dec1910;
    J148696–99.

  A WINTER DAY IN THE COUNTRY. © S. Lubin; 4Mar1907; H90972.

  WINTER LOGGING IN MAINE, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    30Apr1912; J168981–84.

  A WINTER STRAW RIDE, scenes 1–7. © Thomas A. Edison; 7Apr1906;
    H75315–21.

  A WINTER VISIT TO CENTRAL PARK, NEW YORK CITY, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A.
    Edison, Inc.; 27Apr1912; J168792–95.

  A WINTER’S TALE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 16Nov1909; J134996–99.

  A WIRELESS ROMANCE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 8July1910;
    J143137–40.

  THE WISHBONE. © S. Lubin; 26Oct1906; H84211.

  THE WISHBONE. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 15July1908; H113389.

  THE WITCH. © Geo. Méliès; 10Dec1906; H86397.

  THE WITCH. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 10Oct1908; H116784.

  THE WITCH’S REVENGE. © George Méliès; 6July1903; H33235.

  WITH A KODAK. © Biograph Co.; 1c 24Jan1912; J165155.

  WITH BRIDGES BURNED, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 2Aug1910;
    J143942–45.

  WITH HER CARD. © Biograph Co.; 1c 17Aug1909; J130708.

  WITH INTEREST TO DATE, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 17Jan1911;
    J151317–20.

  WITH THE ENEMY’S HELP. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22Aug1912; J172418.

  THE WOES OF ROLLER SKATERS. © Geo. Méliès; 21July1908; H113734.

  THE WOLF HUNT. © Oklahoma Natural Mutoscene Co.; 28Dec1908; H120454.

  WOMAN ALWAYS PAYS. SEE Chasms.

  THE WOMAN FROM MELLON’S. © Biograph Co.; 1c 5Feb1910; J138028.

  THE WOMAN HATER. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 2Sept1909; J132446.

  THE WOMAN OF 1776. © S. Lubin; 3Oct1908; H116474.

  A WOMAN SCORNED. © Biograph Co.; 1c 2Dec1911; J163355.

  THE WOMAN WHO GAMBLES. © S. Lubin; 18June1908; H112078.

  A WOMAN WITH A RECORD. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 9June1904;
    H46943.

  A WOMAN’S STRATEGY, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 25Jan1910;
    J137765–68.

  A WOMAN’S WAY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 18Nov1908;
    H118461.

  A WOMAN’S WAY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 7Aug1909; J130466.

  WOMEN OF THE GHETTO BATHING. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    9Dec1902; H24897.

  WON BY A FISH. © Biograph Co.; 1c 22Apr1912; J168477.

  WON THROUGH A MEDIUM. © Biograph Co.; 1c 15Nov1911; J162973.

  THE WONDER, CHING LING FOO; famous Chinese conjuror and his company of
    oriental entertainers. © S. Lubin; 14Dec1899; 80983.

  THE WONDERFUL CHARM. © Geo. Méliès; 10Oct1908; H116788.

  THE WONDERFUL ELECTRO-MAGNET, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    30Nov1909; J135663–66.

  THE WONDERFUL EYE. © Biograph Co.; 1c 8July1911; J157386.

  THE WONDERFUL ROSE TREE. © Geo. Méliès; 11Oct1904; H51503.

  THE WOOD-CHOPPER’S CHILD, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 14Apr1909;
    H125748–50.

  THE WOODEN INDIAN. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 17Mar1909; H124226.

  THE WOODEN INDIAN, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 26June1912;
    J170763–65.

  THE WOODEN LEG. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Mar1909;
    H123745.

  WORK MADE EASY. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 27Nov1907; H103015.

  WORKING ROTARY SNOW PLOUGHS ON LEHIGH VALLEY RAILROAD. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 10Feb1902; H14065.

  WORKING THE BREECHES BUOY. © Thomas A. Edison; 28Oct1901; H10110.

  A WORKINGMAN’S DREAM. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 3Sept1908;
    H115273.

  THE WORKMAN’S LESSON, scenes 1–3. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; 5July1912;
    J170923–25.

  WORLD’S CHAMPIONSHIP BULL FIGHT. © Kanawha Film Co.; 1c 6Oct1911;
    J161160.

  WORLD’S CHAMPIONSHIP BULL FIGHT. © Kanawha Film Co.; 7Oct1911;
    J161180.

  WORLD’S CHAMPIONSHIP, JACK JOHNSON VS. STANLEY KETCHELL. © J. W.
    Coffroth; 24Oct1909; J135061.

  THE WORM WILL TURN, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 9Jan1909;
    H121432–36.

  WORTH OF A MAN. © Imp Films Co.; 25Jan1912; J164816.

  THE WOULD-BE SHRINER. © Biograph Co.; 1c 30July1912; J171805.

  WOUNDED SOLDIERS EMBARKING IN ROW BOATS [Spanish-American War]. ©
    American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903; H30727.

  THE WRATH OF A JEALOUS WIFE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    8Oct1903; H36630.

  A WREATH IN TIME. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 8Feb1909;
    H122692.

  A WREATH OF ORANGE BLOSSOMS. © Biograph Co.; 1c 31Jan1911; J151388.

  THE WRECK OF THE “AURORA”; or, THE COFFIN SHIP. © Worlds Best Film
    Co.; 3Mar1912; J166714.

  WRECK OF THE BATTLESHIP “MAINE” [Spanish-American War]. © Thomas A.
    Edison; 21Apr1898; 25323.

  WRECK OF THE “VIZCAYA” [Spanish-American War]. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 24Apr1903; H30726.

  THE WRECKERS OF THE LIMITED EXPRESS. © S. Lubin; 3Feb1906; H72770.

  WRESTLING AT THE N. Y. A. C. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    7Nov1905; H68324.

  WRESTLING PONIES. © American Mutoscope Co.; 7Jan1897; 3556.

  WRESTLING PONY AND MAN. © American Mutoscope Co.; 19Dec1896; 69097.

  WRESTLING YACHT. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 11Nov1902;
    H23782.

  THE WRIGHT BROTHERS’ AEROPLANE, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.;
    20Aug1909; J130901–03.

  A (W)RINGING GOOD JOKE. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    22Jan1903; H27377.

  A WRINGING GOOD JOKE. © Thomas A. Edison.

      © 28Apr1899; 29258.

      © 28Dec1900; D23738.

  A (W)RINGING GOOD JOKE: ARRIVAL OF DAD. © American Mutoscope &
    Biograph Co.; 16Dec1904; H54357.

  WRINKLES REMOVED. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 5Sept1902;
    H21500.

  THE WRITING ON THE BLOTTER, scenes 1–4. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 3Mar1911;
    J152740–43.

  THE WRONG BURGLAR. © S. Lubin; 10Dec1908; H119481.

  THE WRONG FLAT. © The Vitagraph Co. of America; 28June1907; H95638.

  THE WRONG GRIP. © S. Lubin; 21July1908; H113741.

  THE WRONG OVERCOAT. © S. Lubin; 9Mar1908; H107121.

  THE WRONG ROOM. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 22Mar1904;
    H43562.

  THE WRONG WEIGHT. © Universal Film Mfg. Co.; 13July1912; J170754.


                                   Y

  YACHT RACE—FINISH. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 25June1903;
    H32947.

  THE YACHT RACE FLEET FOLLOWING THE COMMITTEE BOAT “NAVIGATOR” OCT.
    4TH. © Thomas A. Edison; 9Oct1901; H9498.

  YACHT RACE—START. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 20June1903;
    H32869.

  YALE FOOTBALL TEAM AT PRACTICE, NEW HAVEN, CONN. © American Mutoscope
    Co.; 7Jan1897; 3531–32.

  YALE LAUNDRY. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 30Oct1907; H101825.

  A YANKEE MAN-O-WARSMAN’S FIGHT FOR LOVE, scenes 1–5. © Edison Mfg.
    Co.; 30Jan1908; H105681–85.

  A YARD OF FRANKFURTERS. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    17June1903; H32789.

  A YARD OF PUPPIES. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 28Aug1903;
    H35094.

  THE YARN OF THE NANCY BELL, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison, Inc.;
    6Mar1912; J167220–23.

  THE YELLOW PERIL. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 3Mar1908;
    H106924.

  YENS YENSEN, THE SWEDISH BUTCHER BOY; or, MISTAKEN FOR A BURGLAR. ©
    The Vitagraph Co. of America; 29Oct1908; H117589.

  THE YIDDISHER BOY. © S. Lubin; 27Nov1908; H118914.

  A YORKSHIRE SCHOOL, scenes 1–3. © Edison Mfg. Co.; 29Apr1910;
    J141046–048.

  YOU WILL SEND ME TO BED, EH? © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.;
    28Oct1903; H37382.

  YOU WON’T CUT ANY ICE WITH ME. © Winthrop Press; 18Apr1906; H75813.

  YOUNG AMERICA. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 19Aug1903; H34808.

  YOUNG MEN’S BLAINE CLUB OF CINCINNATI [McKinley Inaugural Parade]. ©
    Thomas A. Edison; 15Mar1897; 17405.

  THE YOUNG MEN’S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION, scenes 1–4. © Thomas A. Edison,
    Inc.; 15Nov1911; J162503–06.

  THE YOUNGER BROTHER, scenes 1–4. © Thos. A. Edison, Inc.; 25July1911;
    J158329–32.

  YOU’VE GOT TO LOVE ME A LOT. © Lubin Mfg. Co.; 16Feb1909; H122987.


                                   Z

  ZIGOMAR. © Eclair Film Co.; 1c 6Nov1911; J162893.

  ZIGOMAR VS. LE ROUGUIN, parts 1–4. © Eclair Film Co.; 1c 18Apr1912;
    J168481.

  THE ZULU’S HEART. © American Mutoscope & Biograph Co.; 25Sept1908;
    H116155.




                       Motion Pictures, 1894–1912

                             Claimant Index

                  An alphabetical list of the names of
                  the claimants of copyright in the
                  motion pictures included in the main
                  section. Each name is given in the
                  fullest form on record in the
                  Copyright Office and is alphabetized
                  under its distinctive part.
                  Cross-references from variant forms
                  are included. Under each name, the
                  titles associated with it are
                  arranged, first, chronologically by
                  copyright year date, and, second,
                  alphabetically by title.


                                   A

 AMERICAN FILM MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
   1912.
     Battleground.
     Fall of Black Hawk.

 AMERICAN MUTOSCOPE AND BIOGRAPH COMPANY.
   1899.
     Interior Coney Island Club House, no. 1–4.
     Jeffries-Sharkey Contest.
   1900.
     Panoramic View, Rescue Work, Galveston.
     Panoramic View, Wreckage Along Shore, Galveston.
     William J. Bryan in the Biograph.
   1901.
     Anna Held.
     God Save the King.
     Queen Victoria’s Funeral, nos. 1–3.
     Reading the Proclamation at St. James’ Palace.
   1902.
     Accomodating Cow.
     Affair of Honor.
     Aguinaldo’s Navy.
     Algy’s Glorious Fourth of July.
     Allabad.
     Alphonse & Gaston.
     Alphonse & Gaston Helping an Irishman.
     Anna Held.
     Around the Flip-Flap Railroad.
     Around the Mulberry Bush.
     Arrival of Train, Tientsin.
     Art of Making Up.
     At the Fountain.
     Atlantic City Fire Department.
     Aunt Jane and the Tobasco Sauce.
     Awakening of Rip.
     Babies’ Quarrel.
     Baby in a Rage.
     Baby Playing in Gutter.
     Baby’s Tooth.
     Bad (K)night.
     Barber’s Queer Customer.
     Battleships in Action.
     Battleships “Iowa” and “Massachusetts.”
     Beginning of a Skyscraper.
     Bier.
     Biograph’s Improved Incubator.
     Blizzard.
     Boats Under Oars.
     Boston School Cadets, 3rd Regiment.
     Bowery Kiss.
     Boys Diving, Honolulu.
     Boys Help Themselves to Foxy Grandpa’s Cigars.
     Boys, Still Determined, Try It Again on Foxy Grandpa, with the Same
        Result.
     Boys Think They Have One on Foxy Grandpa, But He Fools Them.
     Boys Try to Put One Up on Foxy Grandpa.
     Bridal Veil Falls.
     Bridge Traffic, Manila.
     Brook Trout Fishing.
     Bucking the Blizzard.
     Buffalo Bill’s Wild West Parade.
     Buffalo Fire Department.
     Burglar-Proof Bed.
     Capt. Boynton Feeding His Pets.
     Career of Crime, no. 1–5.
     Carrie Nation Smashing a Saloon.
     Caught in the Undertow.
     Cavalry Charge.
     Chappie and Ben Bolt.
     Ch-ien-Men Gate, Pekin.
     Children Feeding Ducklings.
     Chimmie Hicks at the Races.
     Chimney Sweep and the Miller.
     Christmas Morning.
     Christmas Party.
     Close Shave.
     Club Swinging, Carlisle Indian School.
     Coaching for a Record.
     Coaling a Steamer, Nagaski [i.e. Nagasaki] Bay, Japan.
     “Columbia” and “Defender” Rounding Stake-Boat.
     Creators of Foxy Grandpa.
     Crowd Entering, Futurity Day.
     Cutting Sugar Cane.
     Dairy Maid’s Revenge.
     Daly of West Point Winning Hurdle Race.
     Dandy Fifth.
     Deaf Mute Girl Reciting “Star Spangled Banner.”
     Delusion.
     Devil’s Slide.
     Dip in the Mediterranean.
     Diving Through Hoops.
     Dr. Bunion and the Mischievous Boys.
     Downward Path.
     Draped Model.
     Drawing a Lobster Pot.
     Drill by Naval Militia.
     Drill, ye Tarriers, Drill.
     Eccentricities of an Adirondack Canoe.
     Eeling Through Ice.
     Eggs Hatching.
     Elopement.
     Empire State Express.
     Evidence Was Against Him.
     Execution of a Spy.
     Fancy Driving.
     Farmer Oatcake Has His Troubles.
     Farmer’s Imitation of Ching Ling Foo.
     Ferryboat Entering Slip.
     15th Infantry.
     Filipino Cock Fight.
     Finish of Futurity.
     Finishing Touches.
     Five Minutes to Train Time.
     Flirtation.
     Flock of Sheep.
     Football Game: West Point vs. Annapolis.
     Foster Mother.
     Fougere.
     14th Sikhs.
     Foxy Grandpa and Polly in a Little Hilarity.
     Foxy Grandpa Shows the Boys a Trick or Two with the Tramp.
     Foxy Grandpa Tells the Boys a Funny Story.
     Frankenstein’s Trestle.
     Frazer Cañon.
     Fresh Lover.
     Fun in Photograph Gallery.
     Futurity.
     Gap Entrance to Rocky Mountains.
     Girls’ Acrobatic Feats.
     Girls Dancing Can-Can.
     Girls Playing See-Saw.
     Girls Swimming.
     Going to the Hunt, Meadowbrook.
     Good Shot.
     Governor Roosevelt and Staff.
     Governor’s Foot Guards, Conn.
     Hanging Stockings Christmas Eve.
     Hauling a Shad Net.
     He Forgot His Umbrella.
     Her Morning Exercise.
     Herd of Cattle.
     High Diving.
     Historic Feat.
     Hot Mutton Pies.
     How Bridget Made the Fire.
     How Little Willie Put a Head on His Pa.
     How They Rob Men in Chicago.
     How’d You Like To Be the Iceman?
     Ice Yacht Racing.
     In a Manicure Parlor.
     In a Massage Parlor.
     Indiana Whitecaps.
     Installation Ceremonies of President Butler.
     It’s Unlucky To Pass Under a Ladder.
     Japanese Fencing.
     Jersey Skeeter.
     Joe, the Educated Orangoutang.
     Joke on Whom?
     Jumbo, Horseless Fire-Engine.
     Karina.
     Kent House Slide.
     Kiki Dance.
     King and Queen, Diving Horses.
     King of Detectives.
     “Kronprinz Wilhelm” Docking.
     Lamp Explodes.
     Landing of U. S. Troops Near Santiago.
     Laughing Ben.
     Lawn Party.
     Legal Hold-Up.
     Li Hung Chang and Suite: Presentation of Parlor Mutoscope.
     Light That Didn’t Fail.
     Little Man.
     Little Mix-Up in a Mixed Ale Joint.
     Little Piece of String.
     Little Ray of Sunshine after the Rain.
     Loading Sugar Cane.
     Love in the Cornfield.
     Lover’s Knot.
     Lover’s Yarn.
     Love’s Young Dream.
     McKinley Funeral: Panorama of McKinley Home.
     Maniac Barber.
     Matron Stakes.
     Mayor Van Wyck and General Miles.
     Me and Jack.
     Meadowbrook Hunt.
     Meteor.
     Milking Time.
     Mischievous Willie’s Rocking Chair Motor.
     Moulin Rouge Dancers.
     Mount Stephen.
     Moving Picture.
     Mystic Re-Incarnation.
     Naval Parade.
     No Salad Dressing Wanted.
     Non-Union Paper Hanger.
     Nora’s 4th of July.
     Old Maid’s Disappointment.
     Ostrich Farm.
     Overland Limited.
     Pack Train, Gen. Bell’s Expedition.
     Panorama from Incline Railway.
     Panorama from Running Incline Railway.
     Perilous Proceeding.
     Pierrot’s Problem.
     Pillow Fight.
     Pipe Story of the Fourth.
     Poet’s Revenge.
     Pole Vaulting.
     Pontoon Bridge Building.
     Poster Girls.
     Potato Bake in the Woods.
     Pouting Model.
     President McKinley.
     President Roosevelt at Lynn, Mass.
     President Roosevelt Crossing the Field.
     Price of a Kiss.
     Prince of Darkness.
     Private Supper at Hellar’s [i.e. Heller’s].
     Prize Fight.
     Quebec Fire Dept. on Runners.
     Quick Recovery.
     Razing a Brick Building.
     Reily’s Light Battery F.
     Reproduction, Coronation Ceremonies—King Edward VII.
     Rex’s Bath.
     Rickshaw Parade, Japan.
     Rip and the Dwarf.
     Rip Leaving Sleepy Hollow.
     Rip Meeting the Dwarf.
     Rip Passing over Hill.
     Rip’s Toast.
     Rip’s Toast to Hudson and Crew.
     Rip’s Twenty Years’ Sleep.
     Rivals.
     Rock of Ages.
     Romp on the Lawn.
     S. S. “Chippewa.”
     S. S. “Columbia” Sailing.
     Sailors of Atlantic Fleet, Dewey Parade.
     Sailors Waltzing.
     Sampans Racing Toward Liner.
     Sandow.
     Sandwich Man.
     Santa Filling Stockings.
     Sausage Machine.
     School Master’s Surprise.
     Seashore Gymkana.
     Serenaders.
     Seventh Regiment.
     71st Regiment, Camp Wyckoff.
     She Meets with Wife’s Approval.
     Sheep and Lambs.
     Shooting the Chutes.
     Shortening and Furling Sails.
     Shut Up!
     6th Cavalry Assaulting South Gate of Pekin.
     Skating on Lake, Central Park.
     Skee Club.
     Sleeper.
     Sleeping Child.
     Spectacular Start.
     Spill.
     Spirits in the Kitchen.
     Springtime in the Park.
     Stallion Race.
     Star Theatre.
     Startled Lover.
     Steam Tactics.
     Steamboat and Great Eastern Rock.
     Steamship “Empress of India.”
     Still Water Runs Deep.
     Stop Thief!
     Street Fight and Arrest.
     Street Scene, Tientsin.
     Sweet Little Home in the Country.
     Sweethearts.
     Switchback on Trolley Road.
     Take Mellon’s Food.
     Tarrant Fire.
     Temptation of St. Anthony.
     Terrible Night.
     “Teutonic” and “Nördland.”
     They Found the Leak.
     Those Wedding Bells Shall Not Ring Out.
     Tough Dance.
     Tough Kid’s Waterloo.
     Train of Sugar Cane.
     Tramp and the Muscular Cook.
     Troublesome Fly.
     Trout Fishing.
     Trout Poachers.
     Tunnel Number Three.
     25th Infantry.
     Two Companies, Royal Canadian Regiment.
     Two Hours After Chickens Leave the Shells.
     Two’s Company.
     Typewriter.
     Unexpected Knockout.
     Unique Race Between Elephant, Bicycle, Camel, Horse and Automobile.
     Visit to Baby Roger.
     Waiting for Santa Claus.
     Wash-Day.
     Water Nymphs.
     When We Were Twenty-One.
     Will He Marry the Girl?
     Willie’s Hat.
     Women of the Ghetto Bathing.
     Wrestling Yacht.
     Wrinkles Removed.
   1903.
     Academy of Music Fire.
     Accidents Will Happen.
     After the First Snow.
     Almost a King.
     Alphonse and Gaston.
     American Falls, Goat Island.
     American Falls, Luna Island.
     American Soldier in Love and War, no. 1–3.
     Ameta.
     Animated Picture Studio.
     April Fool Joke.
     Arab Act, Luna Park.
     Armenian Archbishop, Rome.
     Arrest of a Shoplifter.
     Arrival of Train at Muskoka Wharf.
     Arrival of Train, Cheyenne.
     Arrival of Train, Tokio, Japan.
     Art Studies.
     Artist’s Dream.
     Artist’s Point.
     Artist’s Studio.
     As in a Looking Glass.
     Asakusa Temple, Tokio, Japan.
     At the Dressmaker’s.
     At the Foot of the Flatiron.
     Attack by Torpedo Boats.
     Attempt To Escape That Led to Misfortune.
     Aunt Jane’s Experience with Tobasco Sauce.
     Baby.
     Baby Lund and Her Pets.
     Baby Merry-Go-Round.
     Ballet Rehearsal.
     Balloon Race.
     Bally-Hoo Cake Walk.
     Bargain Day.
     Bass Fishing.
     Bathing Girls Hurdle Race.
     Bathing in Samoa.
     Battery Park.
     Battle Flags of the 9th U. S. Infantry.
     Battle of Mt. Ariat.
     Battleship “Odin.”
     Bayonet Exercises.
     Be Good.
     Belles of the Beach.
     Bengal Lancers.
     Betsy Ross Dance.
     Birth of the Pearl.
     Black Storm.
     Blessed Is the Peacemaker.
     Bluff from a Tenderfoot.
     Boarding School Prank.
     Boomerang.
     Bowery Cafe.
     Boy in the Barrel.
     Boyville Fire Brigade.
     British Light Artillery.
     Broadway & Union Square, New York.
     Brothers of the Misericordia, Rome.
     Bucking Broncho.
     Burd [i.e. Bund] Shanghai.
     Burglar.
     Burglar and the Bundle.
     Buying Stamps from Rural Wagon, U.S.P.O.
     Cake Walk.
     Camel at Luna Park.
     Camera Fiend.
     Cancelling Machine, U.S.P.O.
     Canoeing at Riverside.
     Capuchin Monks, Rome.
     Cardinal Gibbons.
     Carriers at Works, U.S.P.O.
     Carriers Leaving Building, U.S.P.O.
     Cascade near Wawona, Cal.
     Catch-As-Catch-Can Wrestling.
     Catch of Hard Shell Crabs.
     Cat’s Cradle.
     Central Park after Dark.
     Champion Beer Drinker.
     Champion Pony “Midget.”
     Changing Horses at Glen.
     Changing Horses at Linden.
     Charge by 1st Bengal Lancers.
     Charge of the Light Brigade.
     Chicks to Order.
     Chinese Rubbernecks.
     Chorus Girl and the Salvation Army Lassie.
     Chums.
     Church, “Our Lady of Grace,” Hoboken.
     Clarence, the Cop.
     Clerks Casing Mail for Bags, U.S.P.O.
     Clerks Tying Bags, U.S.P.O.
     Clerks Tying for Bags, U.S.P.O.
     Cleveland Fire Department.
     Clever Horsemanship.
     Coach at Rural Post Office, U.S.P.O.
     Coaching Party.
     Coaching Party, Yosemite Valley.
     Cold Supper with a Hot Finish.
     Collecting Mail, U.S.P.O.
     “Columbia” Close to the Wind.
     “Columbia” vs. “Defender.”
     Comedy Cake Walk.
     Condensed Milk.
     Coney Island Bikers.
     Contrary Wind.
     Convict’s Punishment.
     Cook in the Parlor.
     Corner in the Play Room.
     Corpus Christi Procession, Orvieto.
     “Corsair” in Wake of Tugboat.
     Corset Model.
     Cossack Cavalry.
     Cosy Corner Dance.
     Cotton Spinning.
     Council Bluffs Bridge Station.
     Cowboy and the Lady.
     Customer Drops In.
     Dance, Franchonetti Sisters.
     Dance in Pajamas.
     Danger of Dining in Private
     Dining Rooms.
     Davey Jones’ Locker.
     Delivering Mail from Sub-Station.
     Delivering Newspapers.
     Dewey Arch.
     Did Not Finish the Story.
     Disappointed Old Maid.
     Discordant Note.
     Discoveries of Bodies.
     Divorce.
     Doctor’s Favorite Patient.
     Dog Fight.
     Donkey Party.
     Double Ring Act, Luna Park.
     Down the Hotel Corridor.
     Down the Hudson.
     Down Western Slope.
     Dressmaker’s Accident.
     Drill, Ambulance Corps.
     Drill by Providence Police.
     Dude and the Bathing Girls.
     Dude and the Burglars.
     Dumping Iron Ore.
     Eating Force.
     Eclipse Car Fender Test.
     18th Pennsylvania Volunteers.
     Electric Tower.
     Elephant’s Bath.
     Elevated Railroad, New York.
     Elopement.
     Escalta, Manila.
     Escape from Sing Sing.
     Excavating for a New York Foundation.
     Excavation for Subway.
     Exchange of Mail at Rural P. O., U.S.P.O.
     “Exempt” of Brooklyn, N. Y.
     Expert Bag Punching.
     False Alarm in the Dressing Room.
     Family Troubles.
     Fastest Wrecking Crew in the World.
     Fat Bather and Treacherous Springboard.
     Fate of a Gossip.
     Fate of the Artist’s Model.
     Feeding the Russian Bear.
     Finish of the First Race, Aug. 22.
     Finish of Yacht Race, Aug. 25th.
     Fire Department, Fall River, Mass.
     Firing 10 Inch Gun.
     Firing the Cabin.
     Firing the Cook.
     Flag.
     Flag Dance.
     Flock of Export Sheep.
     Flying Train.
     Flying Wedge.
     Forbidden City, Pekin.
     48th Highlanders Regiment.
     Fourth Ghorkhas.
     Foxy Grandpa Thumb Book.
     Frank J. Gould’s Dogs.
     French Acrobatic Dance.
     From Show Girl to Burlesque Queen.
     Frontier Flirtation.
     Full Rigged Ship at Sea.
     Fun on a Sand Hill.
     ’Gater and the Pickaninny.
     Gay Old Boy.
     Geisha Girls.
     General Chaffee in Pekin.
     General Wheeler and Secretary Alger.
     Georgetown Loop.
     German Railway Service.
     German Torpedo Boat in Action.
     Gerry Society’s Mistake.
     Gesture Fight in Hester Street.
     Getting Ready To Entertain Harvesters.
     Getting Up in the World.
     Ghost Train.
     Giddy Dancing Master.
     Girl at the Window.
     Glacier Point.
     Gloomy Gus Gets the Best of It.
     Gold Dust Twins.
     Good Time with the Organ Grinder.
     Grandpa’s Reading Glass.
     “Grandrepublic” Passing “Columbia.”
     Guardian of the Peace.
     Gypsy Duel.
     Hairdresser.
     Hammock over Water.
     Happy Hooligan.
     Happy Hooligan in a Trap.
     Happy Hooligan’s Interrupted Lunch.
     Hard Wash.
     Harvard-Pennsylvania Football Game.
     Haverstraw Tunnel.
     “He Cometh Not,” She Said.
     He Loves Me, He Loves Me Not.
     Her First Cigarette.
     Her New Party Gown.
     H. H. Pope Leo [XIII] in Chair.
     His Masterpiece.
     His Name Was Mud.
     Honorable Artillery Company of London.
     Hooligan As a Safe Robber.
     Hooligan in Jail.
     Hooligan to the Rescue.
     Hooligan’s Christmas Dream.
     Hooligan’s Roller Skates.
     Hooligan’s Thanksgiving Dinner (Thumb Book).
     Horse Market.
     Horses Drawing in Seine.
     Horses Drawing Salmon Seine.
     Hot Meals at All Hours.
     How Buttons Got Even with the Butler.
     How Charlie Lost the Heiress.
     How Ducks Are Fattened.
     How the Athletic Lover Outwitted the Old Man.
     How the Old Woman Caught the Omnibus.
     How the Young Man Got Stuck at Ocean Beach.
     How They Fired the Bum, Nit.
     I Had To Leave a Happy Home for You.
     Ice Yachting.
     Impartial Lover.
     In a German Bath.
     In My Lady’s Boudoir.
     In the Dressing Room.
     Indians Leaving Bald Mountain.
     Innocent Conspirator.
     Innocent Victim.
     Inside Car, Showing Bag Catcher.
     Insurance Collector.
     Interrupted Kiss.
     Jimmie Hicks in Automobile.
     Jockeying and Start of Yacht[s], Aug. 25th.
     Jockeying for the Start, Aug. 20.
     Jockeying for the Start, Aug. 22.
     Johnie and the Telephone.
     Johnny’s in the Well.
     Juvenile Elephant Trainer.
     Juvenile Stakes.
     Katzenjammer Kids and School Marm.
     Katzenjammer Kids Have a Love Affair.
     Kidnapper.
     King of the Detectives.
     Kit Carson.
     Ladies’ Saddle Horses.
     Lady Bountiful Visits the Murphys on Wash Day.
     Large Haul of Fish.
     Last Round Ended in a Free Fight.
     Launch, U. S. Battleship “Kentucky.”
     Launching U. S. S. “Illinois.”
     Let the Gold Dust Twins Do Your Work.
     Levi & Cohen, the Irish Comedians.
     Little Teaze [i.e. Tease].
     Lively Brushes on Speedway.
     Living Pictures.
     Llamas at Play.
     Loading Mail Car, U.S.P.O.
     Love at 55.
     Love in a Hammock.
     Love in the Dark.
     Love in the Suburbs.
     Love Me, Love My Dog.
     Lower Broadway.
     Lucky Kitten.
     McKinley and Party.
     McKinley Funeral on Way to Church.
     Madison Square, New York.
     Mailing Platform, U.S.P.O.
     Making an Impression.
     Manicure Fools the Husband.
     Market Street Before Parade.
     Meadowbrook Steeplechase.
     Men Taking Fish from Salmon Seine.
     Metropolitan Handicap.
     Midnight Phantasy.
     Mike Got the Soap in His Eyes.
     Mile in 56 Seconds.
     Minister’s Hat.
     Minister’s Wooing.
     Mischievous Monkey.
     Mr. Easymark.
     Model Posing Before Mirror.
     Monkey’s Feast.
     Multicycle Race.
     Murphy’s Wake.
     Musical Bayonet Exercises.
     Musical Calisthenics.
     Must Be in Bed Before Ten.
     Necromancer.
     Neptune’s Daughters.
     Nevada Falls.
     Never Touched Him.
     New Brooklyn Bridge.
     New Maid.
     N. Y. Department Returning.
     Next.
     Niagara Falls, Winter.
     Nicholas Nickleby.
     Night at the Haymarket.
     9th Infantry, U. S. A.
     No Liberties, Please.
     Noon Hour, Hope Webbing Co.
     Nymph of the Waves.
     “Oceans” Fire Company.
     Off His Beat.
     Old Gentleman Sprinkles.
     Old Maid and the Burglar.
     Old Maid’s Picture.
     Old Mail Coach at Ford, U.S.P.O.
     Old Volunteer Fire Dept.
     On the Benches in the Park.
     On the Flying Rings.
     On the Road.
     On to Brooklyn.
     One Thousand Mile Tree.
     Over-Anxious Waiter.
     Over Route of Roosevelt Parade in an Automobile.
     Ox Carts, Tokio, Japan.
     Paced Bicycle Race.
     Pair of Queens.
     Pajama Girl.
     Pajama Statue Girls.
     Panorama from Canoe.
     Panorama from the Tower of Brooklyn Bridge.
     Panorama, Golden Gate.
     Panorama of Beach and Cliff House.
     Panorama of Excursion Boats.
     Panorama of Flatiron Building.
     Panorama of Kobe Harbor, Japan.
     Panorama, Union Square, San Francisco.
     Panoramic View of Niagara Falls.
     Parade of Eagles, New York.
     Parade of “Exempt” Firemen.
     Parade of Horses on Speedway.
     Parke Davis’ Employees.
     Pawtucket Fire Department.
     Physical Culture Girl.
     Pickpocket.
     Plate of Ice Cream and Two Spoons.
     Polo Game: Myopia vs. Dedham.
     Poor Girl, It Was a Hot Night and the Mosquitos Were Thick.
     Poor Hooligan, So Hungry Too.
     Pope [Leo XIII] in His Carriage.
     Pope [Leo XIII] Passing Through Upper Loggia.
     Porous Plaster.
     Post Man Delivering Mail, U.S.P.O.
     President Reviewing School Children.
     President Roosevelt and the Rough Riders.
     Pres. Roosevelt’s Fourth of July Oration.
     President’s Carriage.
     Prince Henry [of Prussia] at West Point.
     Professor.
     Professor of the Drama.
     Projectile from 10 Inch Gun Striking Water.
     Providence Light Artillery.
     Pulling off the Bed Clothes.
     Racing for a Tow.
     Railroad View—Experimental.
     Rehearsal.
     “Reliance” vs. “Shamrock III,” Aug. 20.
     Reproduction of Corbett-McGovern Fight.
     Reproduction of Jeffries-Corbett Contest.
     Rescue of Child from Indians.
     Responding to an Alarm.
     Returning to China.
     Review of Cadets at West Point.
     Review of Cadets, West Point.
     Review of Russian Artillery.
     Rivals.
     Rock Drill at Work in Subway.
     Rock of Ages.
     Roosevelt’s Rough Riders.
     Rose.
     Routing Mail, U.S.P.O.
     Run of N. Y. Fire Department.
     Runaway Match.
     Rural Wagon Delivering Mail, U.S.P.O.
     Rural Wagon Giving Mail to Branch, U.S.P.O.
     Sack Race.
     “St. Paul” Outward Bound.
     Sampans Racing Toward Liner.
     Sand Baby.
     Sand Fort.
     Sandow.
     Sarnia Tunnel.
     Saturday’s Shopping.
     Scene in Chinatown.
     Scene in Chinese Restaurant.
     Scout Yacht Race.
     Sea Gulls in Central Park.
     Search for Evidence.
     Seeing New York by Yacht.
     Settler’s Home Life.
     “Shamrock” After Carrying Away Topsail.
     She Fell Fainting into His Arms.
     Shelter Tent Drill.
     Sherlock Holmes Baffled.
     Sherman Hill Tunnel.
     Shoo Fly.
     Shooting Long Sault Rapids.
     Shooting the Chutes at Luna Park.
     Shooting the Chutes, Luna Park.
     Silhouette Scene.
     Silveon and Emerie “On the Web.”
     Skirmish Fight.
     Sleighing Scene, Boston.
     Sleighs Returning After a Spin.
     Slide for Life, Luna Park.
     Slippery Slide.
     Smallest Train in the World.
     Smoky Stove.
     Some Dudes Can Fight.
     Somnambulist.
     Soubrettes in a Bachelor’s Flat.
     Special Delivery Messenger, U.S.P.O.
     Spider and the Fly.
     Spike, the Bag-Punching Dog.
     Spooks at School.
     Start of Race—“Reliance” Ahead.
     Start of the First Race, Aug. 22.
     Stealing a Dinner.
     Steam Riding Academy.
     Steamer “Island Wanderer.”
     Steamer “New York.”
     Steeplechase, Coney Island.
     Stolen Sweets.
     Street Mail Car, U.S.P.O.
     Street Scene, Tokio, Japan.
     Summer Girl.
     Surf at Atlantic City.
     Sweets for the Sweet.
     Symphony in “A-Flat.”
     Ten Nights in a Bar-Room.
     Theatre Hat.
     Theatre Hats Off.
     Theodore Roosevelt Leaving the White House.
     Thief and the Pie Woman.
     Through the Key-Hole in the Door.
     Throwing Mail into Bags, U.S.P.O.
     Too Ardent Lover.
     Too Much Johnson.
     Too Much of a Good Thing.
     Toodles and Her Strawberry Tart.
     Toodles Recites a Recitation.
     Toodle’s Strawberry Tart.
     Toodles’ Tea-Party.
     Torpedo Boat, “Dupont.”
     Total Accident.
     Tourists Arriving at Wawona Hotel.
     Train Taking Up Mail Bag.
     Tramp and the Bathers.
     Transporting Internal Rev. Stamps, U.S.P.O.
     Trappers Crossing Bald Mountain.
     Triumphal Bridge, Pan-American Exposition.
     Trouble in Hogan’s Alley.
     Two Old Cronies.
     Tying Up Bags for Train, U.S.P.O.
     Ugly Tempered Tramp.
     Uncle Reuben at the Waldorf.
     Unexpected Female.
     Unfaithful Odalisque.
     Unfaithful Wife.
     U. S. Battleship “Oregon.”
     United States Government Gun Test.
     Unloading Halibut.
     Unloading Lighters, Manila.
     Unlucky Lover.
     Unprotected Female.
     Vaidis Sisters, Luna Park.
     Vatican Guards, Rome.
     Vaulting Contest, Meadowbrook Hunt.
     Venice in America.
     Victim of Circumstantial Evidence.
     Vision of Mary.
     “Vizcaya” Under Full Headway.
     Waders.
     Wages of Sin.
     Wagons Loading Mail, U.S.P.O.
     Waiting for Bill.
     Wake in Hell’s Kitchen.
     Washing the Baby.
     Washington Bridge and Speedway.
     Washwoman’s Daughter.
     Water Buffalo, Manila.
     Water Duel.
     Wawona, Big Tree.
     Weighing the Baby.
     Welsh Rabbit.
     West Point Cadets.
     What Are the Wild Waves Saying, Sister?
     What Boys Will Do.
     What Happened to Jones.
     Why Papa Can’t Sleep.
     Who Pays for the Drinks?
     Who Said Chicken?
     Who’s Got the Red Ear?
     Why Curfew Did Not Ring.
     Why Foxy Grandpa Escaped a Ducking.
     Willie Westinghouse and the Doctor’s Battery.
     Willie’s Camera.
     Wounded Soldiers Embarking in Row Boats.
     Wrath of a Jealous Wife.
     Wreck of the “Vizcaya.”
     [W]ringing Good Joke.
     Yacht Race—Finish.
     Yacht Race—Start.
     Yard of Frankfurters.
     Yard of Puppies.
     You Will Send Me to Bed, Eh?
     Young America.
   1904.
     After the Explosion.
     Alone.
     Amorous Militiaman.
     And Pat Took Him at His Word.
     Arbitrator.
     As Seen on the Curtain.
     Asia in America, St. Louis Exposition.
     Assembling a Generator, Westinghouse Works.
     Assembling and Testing Turbines, Westinghouse Co. Works.
     At the Cottage Door.
     Auto Boat Race on the Hudson.
     Automobile Race for the Vanderbilt Cup.
     Automobiling Among the Clouds.
     Awkward Waiter: Waiter Waiting.
     Baby and the Puppies.
     Ball of Yarn: Mother & Daughter.
     Bamboo Slide.
     Basket Ball, Missouri Valley College.
     Battle of the Yalu.
     Beach at Coney Island.
     Behind the Screen.
     Bench in the Park.
     Bewitched Traveller.
     Biddy.
     Blessing from Above.
     Blind Man’s Buff.
     Bohemian Café.
     Bold Soger Boy.
     Borrowing Girl.
     Borrowing Girl and the Atomizer.
     Boy Under the Table.
     Brooklyn Handicap.
     Bubbles.
     Bucket of Cream Ale.
     Buster and His Dog: Be a Good Boy.
     Buster and His Dog: Buster Quiet.
     Buster and His Dog: Good Dog.
     Buster and His Dog: the Instructions.
     Busy Day for the Corset Models.
     Butt’s Manual, St. John’s School.
     Cake Walk on the Beach at Coney Island.
     Calisthenic Drill, Missouri Commission.
     Casting a Guide Box. Westinghouse Works.
     Catastrophe in Hester St.
     Caught in the Act: Is Anyone Looking?
     Central High School, Gymnastic Drill.
     Child Stealers.
     Children in the Surf, Coney Island.
     Children Rolling Down Hill.
     Chinese Laundry: at Work.
     Clarence, the Cop, on the Feed Store Beat.
     Coal Heavers.
     Coil Winding Machines. Westinghouse Works.
     Coil Winding Section E. Westinghouse Works.
     Committee on Art.
     Company Drill, St. John’s Military Academy.
     Coney Island Beach Patrol.
     Convict’s Escape.
     Couple of Lightweights at Coney Island.
     Cowboy Justice.
     Cruelty to Horses.
     Crushed Hat.
     Dance on the Pike.
     Dancing Lesson: a Little Practice.
     Decoyed.
     Democratic National Committee at Esopus.
     Dinah’s Defeat.
     Dream of Roses.
     Dress Parade of Scouts. St. Louis Exposition.
     Dress Parade, St. John’s Academy.
     Drop of Ink.
     Duel Scene, “By Right of Sword.”
     Easy Chair.
     Elder Miss Simpkins Calls.
     Electric Locomotive Tests, Schenectady.
     Elopers Who Didn’t Elope.
     Emerson School, Calisthenics.
     Englishman’s Trip to Paris from London.
     Escape from the Flames.
     Escaped Lunatic.
     Eviction.
     Exhibition Drill, New York Firemen, Union Square.
     Expelled from the Club: the Ladies of the Club.
     Faithful Husband: a Loving Couple.
     Fencing Class, Missouri Valley College.
     Fight in the Dormitory.
     Fighting the Flames.
     Fighting the Flames, Dreamland.
     Filipino Scouts, Musical Drill, St. Louis.
     Fire, Adams Express Office.
     Fire in a Burlesque Theatre.
     First Baby.
     Flirtation: Table d’Hote.
     Flour and Feed.
     Forgiven: a Young Lady.
     Forgotten Umbrella: I Must Hurry to the Office.
     Four Beautiful Pairs.
     Four Seasons.
     Free Arm Movement, All Schools, Missouri Commission.
     Furnished Room House.
     Getting Strong.
     Girl and the Cat.
     Girls and the Burglar.
     Girls Behind the Scenes.
     Girls Jumping the Rope.
     Girls Taking Time Checks. Westinghouse Works.
     Girls Winding Armatures.
     Good Shot: the Kids.
     Grandfather As a Spook.
     Great Baltimore Fire.
     He Tries the Fire Escape.
     Heathen Chinese and the Sunday School Teachers.
     Here He Is, in Jail.
     Hero of Liao Yang.
     High School Field Exercises, Missouri Commission.
     His Young Friends Arrive.
     Holland Submarine Boat Tests.
     Home-Made Turkish Bath.
     Hoop and the Lovers.
     Hoopskirt and the Narrow Door.
     Horsewhipping the Editor: the Editor at Work.
     Hot Time at Home.
     How the Cook Made Her Mark.
     How’d You Like To Be the Iceman: a Quiet Home.
     Hubby Decides to Go to the Club.
     Hustling Soubrette.
     Hyde Park School Graduating Class.
     Hyde Park School Room 2.
     Ice Covered Vessel.
     I’ll Just Try the Bed.
     In a Boarding School Gym.
     In Her Boudoir.
     In the Springtime, Gentle Annie!
     Interrupted Breakfast: the Maid.
     Interrupted Honeymoon.
     It Is Very Pretty.
     Jack the Peeper.
     Joke at the French Ball.
     Jolly Bill Poster.
     Judge Alton B. Parker & Guests.
     Just Before the Raid.
     Just the Cheese.
     Kentucky Squire.
     Kindergarten Ball Game.
     Kindergarten Dance.
     Kiss and a Tumble.
     Kiss in the Dark.
     Kiss Me.
     Late Senator Mark Hanna.
     Lathrop School, Calisthenics.
     Launch of Battleship “Connecticut.”
     Let Uncle Ruben Show You How.
     Linen Draper’s Shop.
     Linwood School, Calisthenics.
     Little Bit off the Top.
     Loaded Cigar.
     Lost Child.
     Love and Jealousy Behind the Scenes.
     Lovers’ Quarrel: Meeting in the Park.
     Lover’s Ruse.
     Manual of Arms, St. John’s Military Academy.
     Married Troubles: Everything Peaceful.
     Mechanical Toy.
     Mellin’s Food.
     Military Parade, St. Louis Exposition.
     Military Tactics.
     Misdirected Ducking.
     Mis-Directed [i.e. Miss-Directed] Kiss.
     Misplaced Signs.
     Mr. Jack Caught in the Dressing Room.
     Mr. Jack Entertains in His Office.
     Mr. Jack in the Dressing Room.
     Mrs. Smifkins Wants Wood.
     Mixed Bathing.
     Model That Didn’t Pose.
     Moonshiner.
     Mysterious Midgets.
     Naval Battle, St. Louis Exposition.
     New Stenographer: the Stenographer.
     Nigger in the Woodpile.
     Night Duty.
     Novel Way of Catching a Burglar.
     Office Boy’s Revenge.
     Oh, I Don’t Know.
     Old Bachelor.
     On the Window Shades.
     One Way Of Taking a Girl’s Picture.
     Opening Ceremonies, St. Louis Exposition.
     Opening the Williamsburg Bridge.
     Orphan Children on the Beach at Coney Island.
     Other Side of the Hedge.
     Our Deaf Friend, Fogarty.
     Panorama Exterior Westinghouse Works.
     Panorama from German Building, World’s Fair.
     Panorama from Gondola, St. Louis Exposition.
     Panorama of Field St., St. Joseph.
     Panorama of 4th St., St. Joseph.
     Panorama of Machine Co. Aisle, Westinghouse Co. Works.
     Panorama of Race Track Crowd, St. Louis.
     Panorama of 3rd Street, St. Joseph.
     Panorama, St. Louis Exposition.
     Panorama View Street Car Motor Room.
     Panoramic View Aisle B., Westinghouse Works.
     Papa’s Warning: “He Must Go at Eleven.”
     Parade of Floats, St. Louis Exposition.
     Parade of Shriners, Luna Park.
     Parade of the Pikers, St. Louis Exposition.
     Parade of Women Delegates; World’s Fair.
     Paris from the Seine.
     Personal.
     Petticoat Lane on Sunday.
     Photographing a Female Crook.
     Picture the Photographer Took.
     Pig That Came to Life.
     Pipe for a Cigar.
     Pity the Blind.
     Postman Whitewashed.
     Power of Authority.
     President Roosevelt’s Homecoming.
     Price of a Kiss: the Barber.
     Princess Rajah Dance.
     Pull Down the Curtains, Susie.
     Putting Up the Swing.
     Quarrelsome Washerwoman.
     Quick Work for the Soubrettes.
     Race for a Kiss.
     Racing Chutes at Dreamland.
     Raid on a Coiner’s Den.
     Railway Tragedy.
     Revenge!
     Rhode Island Light Artillery.
     Rival Models.
     Rogue’s Gallery Photographer.
     Russian Sharp Shooters.
     S. S. “Morro Castle.”
     Sailors Ashore.
     Saved!
     Scene Behind the Scenes.
     School Girl Athletes.
     School Girl Gymnastics.
     Scrap in the Dressing Room.
     Seashore Baby.
     Sec’y Taft’s Address & Panorama.
     See Eva’s Hair, Mama.
     Seeress.
     She Brings It Home.
     She Calls on the Manager.
     She Kicked on the Cooking.
     She Wanted To Rise in the World.
     Shocking Stockings.
     Shot.
     Shredded Wheat Biscuit.
     Shut Up! Getting Ready To Retire.
     Slocum Disaster.
     Small Gun Drill, St. John’s Academy.
     Snare for Lovers.
     Soubrette’s Slide.
     Speech by President Francis; World’s Fair.
     Squelched: Rest.
     State Normal School, Missouri.
     Steam Hammer, Westinghouse Works.
     Steam Whistle, Westinghouse Works.
     Story of the Biograph Told [i.e. the Story the Biograph Told].
     Strenuous Life.
     Subject for the Rogue’s Gallery.
     Suburbanite.
     Suit of Armor.
     Swimming Class.
     Swimming Race at Coney Island.
     Taping Coils, Westinghouse Works.
     Tapping a Furnace, Westinghouse Works.
     Telltale Kiss: the Boarder.
     Testing a Rotary, Westinghouse Works.
     Testing Large Turbines, Westinghouse Co. Works.
     There He Is.
     This Is Hard Work.
     Three Girls in a Hammock.
     Three Little Maids.
     Tied to Her Apron Strings.
     Toilette.
     Tramp on the Roof.
     Trick on the Cop.
     Troubles of a Manager of a Burlesque Show.
     Twenty Mule Team, St. Louis Exposition.
     Two Bottle Babies.
     Under the Tree.
     Victim Snared.
     Waif.
     Warm Occasion.
     Way To Sell Corsets.
     Welding the Big Ring.
     West Point Cadets, St. Louis Exposition.
     Westinghouse Air Brake Co.
     Westinghouse Co. Works (Casting Scene).
     Westinghouse Air Brake Co.
     Westinghouse Co. Works (Moulding Scene).
     Westinghouse Air Brake Co.
     Westinghouse Works.
     What Burglar Bill Found in the Safe.
     While Strolling in the Park.
     Whittier School, Calisthenics.
     Widow and the Only Man.
     Willful Murder.
     Willie Boy Loses the Heiress: Aunt Mary & the Baby.
     Windy Day on the Roof.
     Woman with a Record.
     (W)ringing Good Joke: Arrival of Dad.
     Wrong Room.
   1905.
     Abductors.
     Across the Subway Viaduct, New York.
     Adjustable Bed.
     Airy Fairy Lillian Tries on Her New Corsets.
     Al Treloar in Muscle Exercises.
     Always Room for One More.
     Athletic Girl and the Burglar.
     Baby’s Day.
     Bad Boy and the Grocery Man.
     Badger Game.
     Ballroom Tragedy.
     Barber’s Dee-Light.
     Barber’s Pretty Patient.
     Bargain Day, 14th Street, New York.
     Barnstormers.
     Battleship “Indiana” in Action.
     Bertha Claiche.
     Between the Dances.
     Bigamist’s Trial.
     Blackmail.
     Boarding House Bathroom.
     Boat Race.
     Boating Carnival, Palm Beach.
     Boer War.
     Break for Freedom.
     Bridal Chamber.
     Bringing Up a Girl in the Way She Should Go.
     Broadway Massage Parlor.
     Broker’s Athletic Typewriter.
     Casey’s Christening.
     Chauncey Explains.
     Children’s Hour on the Farm.
     Climbing the American Alps.
     Coal Strike.
     Country Courtship.
     Course of True Love.
     Darling of the Gallery Gods.
     Deadwood Sleeper.
     Departure of Peary [and] Roosevelt from New York.
     Drilling an Awkward Squad.
     Duel Scene from MacBeth.
     Everybody Works But Father (Blackface).
     Everybody Works But Father (Whiteface).
     Everybody Works But Mother.
     Execution By Hanging.
     Fat Girl’s Love Affair.
     Female Crook and Her Easy Victim.
     Fight for a Bride.
     Fine Feathers Make Fine Birds.
     Fire-Bug.
     Forecastle of the “Kearsarge” in a Heavy Sea.
     Fun on the Joy Line.
     Funeral of Hiram Cronk.
     General Cronje & Mystic Shriners.
     Gentlemen Highwaymen.
     Girls, the Burglar, and the Rat.
     Great Jewel Mystery.
     Halloween.
     He Got into the Wrong Bath House.
     His Move.
     Horse Thief.
     How Millionaires Sometimes Entertain Aboard Their Yachts.
     Impossible Convicts.
     In a Raines Law Hotel.
     Inauguration of President Roosevelt.
     Interior N. Y. Subway, 14th St. to 42nd St.
     It’s a Shame To Take the Money.
     Kentucky Feud.
     Kicking Football—Harvard.
     Latina, Contortionist.
     Latina, Dislocation Act.
     Latina, Physical Culture Poses.
     Lifting the Lid.
     Love’s Perfidy.
     Ludlow’s Aerodrome.
     Ludlow’s Aeroplane.
     Man Overboard.
     Mass. State Militia Encampment.
     Messenger Boy and the Ballet Girl.
     Midwinter Bathing, L Street Bath, Boston.
     Modern Sappho.
     Monkey Business.
     M. Lavelle, Physical Culture.
     Mother’s Angel Child.
     Mutiny on the Black Sea.
     New York Athletic Club Crew at Phila., Pa.
     New York Athletic Club Games, Travers Island.
     Nihilists.
     Obstacle Race.
     On the Beach at Brighton.
     Ore the Banster.
     Ormond, Fla. Auto Races.
     “Osler”-Ising Papa.
     Panorama from Times Building, New York.
     Peace Envoys at Portsmouth, N. H.
     Peeping Tom in the Dressing Room.
     Pennsylvania Tunnel Excavation.
     Pillow Fight.
     Pipe Dream.
     Pompey’s Honey Girl.
     Poor Place for Love Making.
     President Roosevelt Addressing Crew of “Kearsarge.”
     President Roosevelt’s Arrival at “Kearsarge.”
     President Roosevelt’s Departure from “Kearsarge.”
     President Roosevelt’s Visit to Admiral Barker.
     Prima Donna’s Understudy.
     Rat Trap Pickpocket Detector.
     Reading the Death Sentence.
     Reception of British Fleet.
     Reprieve from the Scaffold.
     Reproduction, Nan Paterson’s Trial.
     Rescued by Rover.
     Reuben in the Subway.
     River Pirates.
     Robbed of Her All.
     Rooms for Gentlemen Only.
     Rough House in a New York Honky-Tonk.
     Rube in an Opium Joint.
     Rube in the Subway.
     Scrubbing Clothes.
     Shooters’ Parade, Philadelphia.
     Sleepy Soubrette.
     Society Palmist.
     Society Raffles.
     Sparring at the N.Y.A.C.
     Sparring Match on the “Kearsarge.”
     Speed Trials, Autoboat Challenger.
     Spirit of ’76.
     Stern’s Duplex Railway.
     Streets of New York.
     Summer Boarders.
     Swimming Pool, Palm Beach.
     Teasing.
     Thirteen Club.
     Three Cavaliers of the Road.
     Threshing Scene.
     Tom, Tom, the Piper’s Son.
     Topers.
     Trip to Salt Lake City.
     2 A. M. in the Subway.
     Under the Bamboo Tree.
     Unlucky at Cards, Lucky at Love.
     Wanted: a Dog.
     Wedding.
     Wine Opener.
     Wine, Women and Song.
     Wrestling at the N.Y.A.C.
   1906.
     Another Name Was Maude.
     Arrival of Emigrants [i.e. Immigrants], Ellis Island.
     Attack on Fort Boonesboro.
     Black Hand.
     Brannigan Sets Off the Blast.
     College Girl’s Affair of Honor.
     Convict’s Bride.
     Country Schoolmaster.
     Critic.
     Cruise of the “Gladys.”
     Deer Stalking with Camera.
     Dixon, Chester Leon Contest.
     Dr. Dippy’s Sanitarium.
     Epileptic Seizure, no. 9.
     Eruption of Mt. Vesuvius.
     Fox Hunt.
     Free Show on the Beach.
     Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed.
     Gateway to the Catskills.
     Gossipers.
     Grand Hotel to Big Indian.
     Hold-Up of the Rocky Mountain Express.
     Human Apes from the Orient.
     In the Haunts of Rip Van Winkle.
     In the Tombs.
     In the Valley of the Esopus.
     Insurance Solicitor.
     Into the Heart of the Catskills.
     John Paul Jones Ceremonies.
     Jolly Monks of Malabar.
     Logging in Maine.
     Lone Highwayman.
     Looking for John Smith.
     Maneuvering a Small Motor Boat.
     Masqueraders.
     Mr. Butt-in.
     Moose Hunt in New Brunswick.
     Night of the Party.
     No Wedding Bells for Him.
     Old Swimming Hole.
     Paymaster.
     Physical Culture Lesson.
     Play Ball on the Beach.
     Police Raid at a Dog Fight.
     Quail Shooting at Pinehurst.
     Raid on a Cock Fight.
     Salmon Fishing Nipissisquit [i.e. Nipisiquit] River.
     San Francisco Disaster.
     Scene in a Rat Pit.
     Scenes in San Francisco.
     Seeing Boston.
     Silver Wedding.
     Simple Life.
     Skidoo Brothers, 23.
     Skyscrapers.
     Society Ballooning, Pittsfield, Mass.
     Subpoena Server.
     Terrier vs. Wild Cat.
     Thaw-White Tragedy.
     They Meet on the Mat.
     Trip on the Catskill Mt. Ry.
     Trip to Berkeley, Cal.
     Trout Fishing, Rangeley Lakes.
     Tunnel Workers.
     Views in San Francisco.
     Village Cut-Up.
     Wanted—a Nurse.
     White Fox Motor Boat.
     Wild Turkey Hunt.
     Wine, Women & Song.
   1907.
     Acadian Elopement.
     Deyo.
     Elopement.
     Fights of Nations.
     How Would You Like a Wife Like This?
     Hypnotist’s Revenge.
     Love Microbe.
     Mr. Gay and Mrs.
     Mr. Hurry-Up of New York.
     Opening Day, Jamestown Exposition.
     Stalking and Shooting Caribou, Newfoundland.
     Tenderloin Tragedy.
     Tired Tailor’s Dream.
     Trap Pigeon Shooting.
     Trial Marriages.
     Truants.
     Under the Old Apple Tree.
     Yale Laundry.
   1908.
     Adventures of Dollie.
     After Many Years.
     At the French Ball.
     Awful Moment.
     Balked at the Altar.
     Bandit’s Waterloo.
     Barbarian Ingomar.
     Behind the Scenes.
     Betrayed by Hand Prints.
     Black Viper.
     Bobby’s Kodak.
     Boy Detective.
     Calamitous Elopement.
     Call of the Wild.
     Caught by Wireless.
     Christmas Burglars.
     Classmates.
     Clubman and Tramp.
     Concealing a Burglar.
     Coney Island Police Court.
     Crossroads of Life.
     Deceived Slumming Party.
     Devil.
     Famous Escape.
     Fatal Hour.
     Father Gets in the Game.
     Feud and the Turkey.
     Fight for Freedom.
     For a Wife’s Honor.
     For Love of Gold.
     Girl and the Outlaw.
     Greaser’s Gauntlet.
     Guerrilla.
     Heart of Oyama.
     Helping Hand.
     Her First Adventure.
     His Day of Rest.
     Hulda’s Lovers.
     Ingrate.
     Invisible Fluid.
     Jones at the Ball.
     Jones Entertains.
     Kentuckian.
     King of the Cannibal Island.
     King’s Messenger.
     Lonesome Junction.
     Man and the Woman.
     Man in the Box.
     Maniac Cook.
     Mixed Babies.
     Money Mad.
     Old Isaacs the Pawnbroker.
     One Touch of Nature.
     ’Ostler Joe.
     Outlaw.
     Over the Hills to the Poor House.
     Pirate’s Gold.
     Planter’s Wife.
     Princess in the Vase.
     Reckoning.
     Red Girl.
     Redman and the Child.
     Romance of a Jewess.
     Romance of an Egg.
     Sculptor’s Nightmare.
     Smoked Husband.
     Snowman.
     Song of the Shirt.
     Stage Rustler.
     Stolen Jewels.
     Taming of the Shrew.
     Tavern Keeper’s Daughter.
     Terrible Night.
     Test of Friendship.
     Thompson’s Night Out.
     Valet’s Wife.
     Vaquero’s Vow.
     When Knights Were Bold.
     Where Breakers Roar.
     Woman’s Way.
     Yellow Peril.
     Zulu’s Heart.
   1909.
     And a Little Child Shall Lead Them.
     At the Altar.
     Baby’s Shoe.
     Brahma Diamond.
     Burglar’s Mistake.
     Confidence.
     Cord of Life.
     Criminal Hypnotist.
     Curtain Pole.
     Deception.
     Drive for a Life.
     Drunkard’s Reformation.
     Eavesdropper.
     Edgar Allen [i.e. Allan] Poe.
     Fascinating Mrs. Francis.
     Fool’s Revenge.
     Girls and Daddy.
     Golden Louis.
     Hindoo Dagger.
     His Ward’s Love.
     His Wife’s Mother.
     Honor of Thieves.
     I Did It, Mamma.
     Jilt.
     Jones and His New Neighbors.
     Jones and the Lady Book Agent.
     Joneses Have Amateur Theatricals.
     Lady Helen’s Escapade.
     Love Finds a Way.
     Lucky Jim.
     Lure of the Gown.
     Medicine Bottle.
     Mr. Jones Has a Card Party.
     Note in the Shoe.
     One Busy Hour.
     Politician’s Love Story.
     Prussian Spy.
     Road to the Heart.
     Roue’s Heart.
     Rude Hostess.
     Rural Elopement.
     Sacrifice.
     Salvation Army Lass.
     Schneider’s Anti-Noise Crusade.
     Sound Sleeper.
     Suicide Club.
     Those Awful Hats.
     Those Boys.
     ’Tis an Ill Wind That Blows No Good.
     Tragic Love.
     Troublesome Satchel.
     Trying To Get Arrested.
     Twin Brothers.
     Voice of the Violin.
     Welcome Burglar.
     Winning Coat.
     Wooden Leg.
     Wreath in Time.

 AMERICAN MUTOSCOPE COMPANY.
   1896.
     Annabelle in Flag Dance.
     Atlantic City Bathers.
     Atlantic City Boardwalk.
     Busses Leaving R. R. Depot.
     Atlantic City.
     Canadian Falls, from American Side.
     Canadian Falls—Table Rock.
     Empire State Express, N. Y. Central R. R.
     Fire Department, N. Y. City,
     1st and 2nd Alarms.
     Getting off Trolley at Atlantic City.
     Hard Wash.
     Human Hen.
     Li Hung Chang at Grant’s Tomb.
     Li Hung Chang Driving through 4th St. and Broadway.
     Monkey’s Feast.
     Oh! That Watermelon.
     Parade at Canton O., Showing
     Major McKinley in Carriage.
     Parade, Elkins Cadets, Canton, O.
     Parade, Sound Money Club, Canton, O.
     Pa. R. R. Cliffs, Jersey City.
     Pa. R. R., Hattonsfield.
     Pa. R. R. Limited Express.
     Pa. R. R. Train Near Phila.
     Rip Leaving Sleepy Hollow.
     Rip Meeting the Dwarf.
     Rip’s Toast.
     Sandow.
     Serpentine Dance by Annabelle.
     Shooting the Chutes at Atlantic City.
     Showing Group of Bathers, Atlantic City Beach.
     Sparring Contest, Canastota, N. Y.
     Trilby and Little Billee.
     Union Square.
     View on Boulevard, New York City.
     West Point Cadet Cavalry.
     West Point Cadet Drill.
     Wm. McKinley Receiving Telegram Announcing His Election.
     Wrestling Pony and Man.
   1897.
     American Falls, Goat Island.
     American Falls, Luna Island.
     Aquarium.
     Arrest at New Haven, Conn., no. 93.
     Atlantic City Boardwalk, no. 102.
     Awakening of Rip, no. 51.
     Bathers and Lifeboat, Atlantic City.
     Boys Bathing; Leapfrog—Atlantic City, N. J.
     Boys Will Be Boys—Hat Trick, no. 112.
     Broadway & Park Row, Front of U. S. Post Office, N. Y. no. 105.
     Broadway, New York, at Madison Square, no. 113.
     Canadian Falls—Panoramic [View] from Michigan Central R. R.
     Canadian Falls—Table Rock.
     Champion Rolla O. Heikes, Breaking the Record at Flying Targets
        with Winchester Shotgun, no. 129.
     Children Playing with Fishes.
     Dancing Darkies.
     Drunken Acrobat—O’Brien and Havel.
     Engine and Pump.
     Ferryboat and Tug Passing Governors Island, New York Harbor, no.
        128.
     Fire Department, New Haven, Conn.
     Happy Family, no. 99.
     Imro Fox Rabbit Trick.
     Li Hung Chang, 5th Avenue & 55th Street, N. Y.
     Lower Rapids, Niagara Falls.
     McKinley at Home, Canton, Ohio.
     Merry Sleigh Bells, no. 110.
     New England Church Scene, no. 111.
     Outbound Vessel Passing Governors Island, N. Y. Harbor, no. 127.
     Panorama of American & Canadian Falls—Taken Opposite American
        Falls.
     Parade, Americus Club, Canton Ohio, no. 73.
     Parade, First Brigade.
     Pennsylvania R. R., New Brunswick, N. J.
     Pointing Down Gorge, Niagara Falls.
     Prodigal’s Return, 3 A. M., no. 107.
     Projectile from Ten Inch Disappearing Gun Striking Water, Sandy
        Hook, no. 131.
     Pussy’s Bath.
     Rip’s Toast to Hudson and Crew, no. 1.
     Rip’s Twenty Years’ Sleep.
     Sack Race at New Haven, Conn., no. 109.
     Sawing Wood.
     Smoking, Eating, and Drinking Scene, no. 114.
     Snow Men.
     Sound Money Parade.
     Stable on Fire.
     Taken from Trolley, Atlantic City.
     Taken from Trolley in Gorge, Niagara Falls.
     Tambourine Dance—by Annabelle, no. 10.
     Ten Inch Disappearing Carriage Gun Loading and Firing, Sandy Hook,
        no. 130.
     13th Infantry, U. S. Army—Bayonet Exercise, Governors Island, no.
        126.
     13th Infantry, U. S. Army—Blanket Court Martial, Governors Island,
        no. 122.
     13th Infantry, U. S. Army—Full Dress Parade and Manoeuvering,
        Governors Island, no. 119.
     13th Infantry, U. S. Army—Full Dress Parade, Governors Island, no.
        120.
     13th Infantry, U. S. Army, in Heavy Marching Order, Double-Time,
        Governors Island, no. 117.
     13th Infantry, U. S. Army—Manual of Arms, Governors Island, no.
        125.
     13th Infantry, U. S. Army—Marching and Counter Marching (Band and
        Troops), Governors Island, no. 118.
     13th Infantry, U. S. Army—Marching Through Sallyport, Governors
        Island, no. 116.
     13th Infantry, U. S. Army—Musical Drill, Governors Island, no. 121.
     13th Infantry, U. S. Army—Scaling Walls in Retreat, Governors
        Island.
     13th Infantry, U. S. Army—Scaling Walls with Wounded and Dying,
        Governors Island, no. 124.
     Train Coming out of Station, Philadelphia, Pa.
     Train Taking Water, N. Y. Central R. R., no. 80.
     United States Flag.
     Upper Rapids, from Bridge.
     Why Papa Cannot Sleep, no. 108.
     Winchester Arms Factory at Noon Time.
     Wrestling Ponies.
     Yale Football Team at Practice, New Haven, Conn.
   1898.
     Cardinal Gibbons, no. 84.
     Gen’l Sir Herbert Kitchener.
     His Holiness, Leo XIII in the Gardens of the Vatican, Being
        Photographed by the American Biograph Camera.
     Pope Leo XIII.
     Pope Leo XIII and Count Pecci, no. 1.
     Pope Leo XIII Approaching Garden Seat.
     Pope Leo XIII Attended by Guard.
     Pope Leo [XIII] Blessing in the Garden.
     Pope Leo XIII Giving Blessing from Chair.
     Pope Leo XIII in Carriage.
     Pope Leo XIII in Chair, no. 1.
     Pope Leo XIII in Sedan Chair, no. 1.
     Pope Leo XIII in Vatican Garden, no. 1.
     Pope Leo XIII Preparing To Give Blessing from Chair.
     Pope Leo XIII Seated in Garden.
     Pope Leo XIII Walking at Twilight, no. 1.
     Pope Leo [XIII] Walking in the Garden.

 AMERICA’S FEATURE FILM COMPANY.
   1911.
     Twenty Years in Sing-Sing.
   1912.
     Convict Life in the Ohio Penitentiary.

 AVIATION FILM COMPANY.
   1912.
     Panama Canal and Scenes Along the Canal Zone.


                                   B

 BELCHER AND WATERSON.
   1907.
     Poor John. Waiting at the Church.

 BERNSTEIN, I.
   1913.
     Feast of Belshazzar.

 BIOGRAPH COMPANY.
   1909.
     Awakening.
     Better Way.
     Broken Locket.
     Cardinal’s Conspiracy.
     Change of Heart.
     Children’s Friend.
     Choosing a Husband.
     Comata, the Sioux.
     Corner in Wheat.
     Country Doctor.
     Cricket on the Hearth.
     Day After.
     Death Disc.
     Eloping with Aunty.
     Eradicating Aunty.
     Expiation.
     Faded Lilies.
     Fools of Fate.
     French Duel.
     Friend of the Family.
     Getting Even.
     Gibson Goddess.
     Her First Biscuits.
     His Duty.
     His Lost Love.
     His Wife’s Visitor.
     In a Hempen Bag.
     In Little Italy.
     In Old Kentucky.
     In the Watches of the Night.
     In the Window Recess.
     Indian Runner’s Romance.
     Jealousy and the Man.
     Leather Stocking.
     Light That Came.
     Lines of White on a Sullen Sea.
     Little Darling.
     Little Teacher.
     Lonely Villa.
     Mended Lute.
     Message.
     Mexican Sweethearts.
     Midnight Adventure.
     Mills of the Gods.
     Mr. Jones’ Burglar.
     Mrs. Jones’ Lover.
     Mountaineer’s Honor.
     Necklace.
     New Trick.
     Nursing a Viper.
     Oh, Uncle!
     Open Gate.
     Peach-Basket Hat.
     Pranks.
     Redman’s View.
     Renunciation.
     Restoration.
     Resurrection.
     Sealed Room.
     1776.
     Seventh Day.
     Slave.
     Son’s Return.
     Strange Meeting.
     Sweet Revenge.
     Tender Hearts.
     Test.
     They Would Elope.
     Trap for Santa Claus.
     Trick That Failed.
     Two Memories.
     Two Women and a Man.
     Violin Maker of Cremona.
     Wanted, a Child.
     Was Justice Served?
     Way of Man.
     What Drink Did.
     What’s Your Hurry?
     With Her Card.
   1910.
     Affair of an Egg.
     All on Account of the Milk.
     Arcadian Maid.
     As It Is in Life.
     As the Bells Rang Out.
     Banker’s Daughters.
     Broken Doll.
     Call.
     Call to Arms.
     Child of the Ghetto.
     Child’s Faith.
     Child’s Impulse.
     Child’s Stratagem.
     Cloister’s Touch.
     Converts.
     Course of True Love.
     Dancing Girl of Butte.
     Duke’s Plan.
     Effecting a Cure.
     Englishman and the Girl.
     Examination Day at School.
     Face at the Window.
     Faithful.
     Final Settlement.
     Flash of Light.
     Fugitive.
     Gold Necklace.
     Gold Seekers.
     Golden Supper.
     Happy Jack, a Hero.
     Her Father’s Pride.
     Her Terrible Ordeal.
     His Last Dollar.
     His New Lid.
     His Sister-In-Law.
     Honor of His Family.
     House with Closed Shutters.
     How Hubby Got a Raise.
     Iconoclast.
     Impalement.
     In Life’s Cycle.
     In Old California.
     In the Border States.
     In the Season of Buds.
     Kid.
     Knot in the Plot.
     Last Deal.
     Lesson.
     Little Angels of Luck.
     Little Waifs.
     Love Among the Roses.
     Love in Quarantine.
     Love of Lady Irma.
     Lucky Toothache.
     Man.
     Marked Time Table.
     Masher.
     May and December.
     Message of the Violin.
     Midnight Cupid.
     Modern Prodigal.
     Mohawk’s Way.
     Muggsy Becomes a Hero.
     Muggsy’s First Sweetheart.
     Never Again.
     Newlyweds.
     Not So Bad As It Seemed.
     Old Story with a New Ending.
     On the Reef.
     One Night and Then.
     Over Silent Paths.
     Passing of a Grouch.
     Plain Song.
     Proposal.
     Purgation.
     Ramona.
     Recreation of an Heiress.
     Rich Revenge.
     Rocky Road.
     Romance of the Western Hills.
     Rose o’ Salem-Town.
     Salutary Lesson.
     Simple Charity.
     Smoker.
     Song of the Wildwood Flute.
     Sorrows of the Unfaithful.
     Summer Idyl.
     Summer Tragedy.
     Sunshine Sue.
     Taming a Husband.
     Tenderfoot’s Triumph.
     That Chink at Golden Gulch.
     Thou Shalt Not.
     Thread of Destiny.
     Troublesome Baby.
     Turning the Tables.
     Twisted Trail.
     Unchanging Sea.
     Up a Tree.
     Usurer.
     Victim of Jealousy.
     Waiter No. 5.
     Way of the World.
     What the Daisy Said.
     When We Were in Our Teens.
     White Roses.
     Wilful Peggy.
     Winning Back His Love.
     Woman from Mellon’s.
   1911.
     Abe Gets Even with Father.
     Adventures of Billy.
     After the Ball.
     As in a Looking Glass.
     Baron.
     Battle.
     Bearded Youth.
     Beautiful Voice.
     Blind Princess and the Poet.
     Bobby the Coward.
     Broken Cross.
     Caught with the Goods.
     Chief’s Daughter.
     Comrades.
     Conscience.
     Convenient Burglar.
     Country Cupid.
     Crooked Road.
     Cupid’s Joke.
     Cured.
     Curiosity.
     Dan, the Dandy.
     Dave’s Love Affair.
     Decree of Destiny.
     Delayed Proposal.
     Diamond Star.
     Diving Girl.
     Dooley’s Scheme.
     Dutch Gold Mine.
     Enoch Arden.
     Failure.
     Fate’s Turning.
     Fighting Blood.
     Fisher Folks.
     Five Hundred Dollars Reward.
     Ghost.
     Heart of a Savage.
     Heartbeats of Long Ago.
     Help Wanted.
     Her Mother Interferes.
     Her Pet.
     Her Sacrifice.
     His Daughter.
     His Mother’s Scarf.
     His Trust.
     His Trust Fulfilled.
     His Wife’s Sweethearts.
     How She Triumphed.
     In the Days of ’49.
     Indian Brothers.
     Interrupted Game.
     Inventor’s Secret.
     Italian Barber.
     Italian Blood.
     Jealous Husband.
     Jinks Joins the Temperance Club.
     Josh’s Suicide.
     Knight of the Road.
     Last Drop of Water.
     Lily of the Tenements.
     Lonedale Operator.
     Long Road.
     Love in the Hills.
     Lucky Horseshoe.
     Madame Rex.
     Making of a Man.
     Manicure Lady.
     Midnight Marauder.
     Miser’s Heart.
     Misplaced Jealousy.
     Mr. Bragg, a Fugitive.
     Mr. Peck Goes Calling.
     Mix-Up in Rain Coats.
     New Dress.
     Old Confectioner’s Mistake.
     Out from the Shadow.
     Paradise Lost.
     Poor Sick Men.
     Primal Call.
     Priscilla and the Umbrella.
     Priscilla’s April Fool Joke.
     Priscilla’s Engagement Kiss.
     Resourceful Lovers.
     Revenue Man and the Girl.
     Romany Tragedy.
     Rose of Kentucky.
     Saved from Himself.
     Smile of a Child.
     Sorrowful Example.
     Spanish Gypsy.
     Squaw’s Love.
     Stubb’s New Servants.
     Stuff Heroes Are Made of.
     Sunshine Through the Dark.
     Swords and Hearts.
     Taking His Medicine.
     Teaching Dad To Like Her.
     Terrible Discovery.
     That Daredevil.
     Their Fates Sealed.
     Their First Divorce Case.
     Thief and the Girl.
     Three Sisters.
     Through Darkened Vales.
     Through His Wife’s Picture.
     Too Many Burglars.
     Trail of Books.
     Trailing the Counterfeiter.
     Two Sides.
     Unveiling.
     Victim of Circumstances.
     Village Hero.
     Villain Foiled.
     Voice of the Child.
     Was He a Coward?
     What Shall We Do with Our Old?
     When a Man Loves.
     When Wifey Holds the Purse Strings.
     White Rose of the Wilds.
     Why He Gave Up.
     Woman Scorned.
     Won Through a Medium.
     Wonderful Eye.
     Wreath of Orange Blossoms.
   1912.
     Algy, the Watchman.
     Baby and the Stork.
     Beast at Bay.
     Billy’s Stratagem.
     Black Sheep.
     Blot in the Scutcheon.
     Brave and Bold.
     Brave Hunter.
     Child’s Remorse.
     Close Call.
     Dash Through the Clouds.
     Did Mother Get Her Wish?
     Engagement Ring.
     Eternal Mother.
     Fatal Chocolate.
     Fate’s Interception.
     Female of the Species.
     Fickle Spaniard.
     For His Son.
     Furs.
     Girl and Her Trust.
     Goddess of Sagebrush Gulch.
     Got a Match?
     Heaven Avenges.
     Helen’s Marriage.
     Help! Help!
     His Lesson.
     His Own Fault.
     Homefolks.
     Hot Stuff.
     Indian Summer.
     Inner Circle.
     Interrupted Elopement.
     Iola’s Promise.
     Joke on the Joker.
     Just Like a Woman.
     Katchem Kate.
     Leading Man.
     Lena and the Geese.
     Lesser Evil.
     Lily’s Lovers.
     Lodging for the Night.
     Man’s Genesis.
     Man’s Lust for Gold.
     Mender of Nets.
     Message from the Moon.
     Narrow Road.
     Near-Tragedy.
     Neighbors.
     New Baby.
     Oh, Those Eyes!
     Old Actor.
     Old Bookkeeper.
     One Is Business, the Other Crime.
     One-Round O’Brien.
     Outcast Among Outcasts.
     Pants and Pansies.
     Priscilla’s Capture.
     Punishment.
     Root of Evil.
     Sands of Dee.
     School Teacher and the Waif.
     Siren of Impulse.
     Sister’s Love.
     Spanish Dilemma.
     Speed Demon.
     Spirit Awakened.
     String of Pearls.
     Sunbeam.
     Tale of the Wilderness.
     Temporary Truce.
     Their First Kidnapping Case.
     Those Hicksville Boys.
     Tomboy Bessie.
     Tourists.
     Tragedy of a Dress Suit.
     Transformation of Mike.
     Trying To Fool Uncle.
     Under Burning Skies.
     Voice from the Deep.
     What the Doctor Ordered.
     When Kings Were the Law.
     When the Fire-Bells Rang.
     Who Got the Reward?
     Willie Becomes an Artist.
     With a Kodak.
     With the Enemy’s Help.
     Won by a Fish.
     Would-Be Shriner.

 BRIND, WALTER LANNOY.
   1912.
     Doctor Phantom, the Scientific Sleuth.

 BUFFALO BILL AND PAWNEE BILL FILM COMPANY.
   1910.
     Buffalo Bill’s Wild West and Pawnee Bill’s Far East.
   1912.
     Life of Buffalo Bill.

 BULLOCK, WILLIAM.
   1908.
     Collinwood School Fire.
     Collinwood School Fire Funeral.


                                   C

 CAPITAL FILM COMPANY.
   1910.
     All’s Fair in Love and War.

 CENTAUR FILM COMPANY.
   1909.
     Cowboy’s Romance.
     Johnny and the Indians.
     Love Wins.
     Nevada Girl.
     Private Brown.
     Scrappy Bill.
     Temptation of John Gray.

 CENTAUR FILM COMPANY, INC.
   1909.
     Cowboy’s Sweetheart.

 CHASE, WALTER G.
   1905.
     Epileptic Seizure.

 COFFROTH, J. W.
   1909.
     World’s Championship, Jack Johnson vs. Stanley Ketchell.

 CROWN FEATURE FILM COMPANY.
   1912.
     Battle of Two Palms—Action of March 12, 1912, at Benghasi, Tripoli,
        Between the Italian and Turkish Armies.

 CURLEY, JACK.
   1912.
     Jack Johnson vs. Jim Flynn Contest for Heavyweight Championship of
        the World, Las Vegas, New Mexico, July 4, 1912.


                                   D

 DICKSON, WILLIAM K. L.
   1894.
     Corbett and Courtney Before the Kinetograph.
     Edison Kinetoscopic Record of a Sneeze, January 7, 1894.
     Edison Kinetoscopic Records.
     Souvenir Strip of the Edison Kinetoscope.


                                   E

 ECLAIR FILM COMPANY.
   1911.
     Zigomar.
   1912.
     Alcohol, the Poison of Humanity. Glass Coffin.
     Insanity.
     Land of Darkness.
     Miner’s Heart.
     Redemption.
     Zigomar vs. Le Rouguin.

 EDISON, THOMAS A.
   1896.
     American Falls from Above.
     American Side.
     American Falls—from Bottom, Canadian Shore.
     American Falls—from Incline R. R.
     Black Diamond Express.
     Buffalo Horse Market.
     Burning Stable.
     Charge of West Point Cadets.
     Chicago and Buffalo Express.
     Clark’s Thread Mill.
     Cock Fight.
     East Side Drive.
     Feeding the Doves.
     Fighting the Fire.
     Horseshoe Falls—from Luna Isle.
     Horseshoe Falls—from Table Rock.
     Hurdle Race—High Jumpers.
     Morning Alarm.
     Morning Bath.
     Mounted Police Charge.
     Park Police, Dismounting and Mounting.
     Park Police, Left Wheel and Forward.
     Rapids Above American Falls.
     Runaway in the Park.
     Special Photographing Train.
     Starting for the Fire.
     Streets of Cairo.
     Surf at Long Branch.
     Tally Ho—Arrival.
     Tally Ho—Departure.
     Whirlpool Rapids—from Canadian Shore.
     Wine Garden Scene.
   1897.
     Admiral Cigarette.
     Ambulance at the Accident.
     Ambulance Call.
     American and Cuban Flag.
     Amoskeag Veterans, New Hampshire.
     Armour’s Electric Trolley.
     Arrest in Chinatown, San Francisco, Cal.
     Bareback Hurdle Jumping.
     Battery A, Light Artillery, U. S. Army.
     Battery B, Governor’s Troop, Penna.
     Beach Apparatus—Practice.
     Black Diamond Express.
     Boat Wagon and Beach Cart.
     Boating on the Lake.
     Bowery Waltz.
     Boxing for Points.
     Buffalo Bill and Escort.
     Buffalo Fire Department in Action.
     Buffalo Police on Parade.
     Buffalo Stockyards.
     Capsize of Lifeboat.
     Cattle Driven to Slaughter.
     Cavalry Passing in Review.
     Charity Ball.
     Chas. Werts, Acrobat.
     Chicken Thieves.
     Children’s Toilet.
     Corcoran Cadets, Washington.
     Corner Madison and State Streets, Chicago.
     Crissie Sheridan.
     Cupid and Psyche.
     Dancing Darkey Boy.
     Drum Corps and Militia.
     Elopement.
     Exhibition of Prize Winners.
     Falls of Minnehaha.
     Farmer’s Troubles.
     Fast Mail, Northern Pacific R. R.
     Fifth Avenue, New York.
     Firing by Squad, Gatling Gun.
     First Avenue, Seattle, Washington.
     First Sleigh-Ride.
     Fisherman’s Luck.
     Fisherman’s Wharf.
     Fishing Smacks.
     Free-for-All Race at Charter Oak Park.
     Gatling Gun Crew in Action.
     General Porter’s Oration.
     Giant Coal Dumper.
     Governor Cook and Staff, Connecticut.
     Governor of Ohio and Staff.
     Grace Church, New York.
     Grant Veterans—G. A. R.
     Guard Mount, Ft. Myer.
     Horse Dancing Couchee Couchee.
     Horses Loading for Klondike.
     Hotel Del Monte.
     Hotel Vendome, San Jose, Cal.
     Hurdle Jumping and Saddle Vaulting.
     Husking Bee.
     Jealous Monkey.
     Judging Tandems.
     Ladies’ Saddle Horses.
     Launch of Life Boat.
     Launch of Surf Boat.
     Leander Sisters.
     Lick Observatory, Mt. Hamilton, Cal.
     Loading Baggage for Klondike.
     Lurline Baths.
     McKinley and Cleveland Going to the Capitol.
     McKinley Leaving Church.
     McKinley Taking the Oath.
     McKinley’s Address.
     Making Soap Bubbles.
     Marines from U. S. Cruiser New York.
     Market Square, Harrisburg, Pa.
     Milker’s Mishap.
     Mr. Edison at Work in His Chemical Laboratory.
     Mount and Dismount, Gatling Gun.
     National Lancers, Boston.
     Now I Lay Me Down To Sleep.
     O’Brien’s Trained Horses.
     Old Guard, New York City.
     Panoramic Scene, Susquehanna River.
     Parisian Dance.
     Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington.
     Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington, D. C.
     Pennsylvania State Militia, Double Time.
     Pennsylvania State Militia, Single Time.
     Philadelphia Express, Jersey Central Railway.
     Pie Eating Contest.
     Pile Driving, Washington Navy Yard.
     Pillow Fight.
     Police Patrol Wagon.
     Racing at Sheepshead Bay. Rainmakers.
     Receding View, Black Diamond Express.
     Rescue—Resuscitation.
     Return of Lifeboat.
     Return of McKinley from the Capitol.
     S. S. “Coptic” at Dock.
     S. S. “Coptic” in the Harbor.
     S. S. “Coptic” Sailing Away.
     S. S. “Queen” Leaving Dock.
     S. S. “Queen” Loading.
     S. S. “Williamette” Leaving for Klondike.
     Sea Lions’ Home.
     Seminary Girls.
     Serpentine Dance—Annabelle.
     7th & 71st Regiment, New York.
     71st Regiment, New York.
     Sheep Run, Chicago Stockyards.
     Single Harness Horses.
     Sixth U. S. Cavalry.
     Sleigh Riding, Central Park.
     Southern Pacific Overland Mail.
     Stanford University, California.
     Suburban Handicap, 1897.
     Sun Dance—Annabelle.
     Surf at Monterey.
     Sutro Baths.
     Tandem Hurdle Jumping.
     Teams of Horses.
     Trick Elephants.
     Umbrella Brigade.
     Vice-President Hobart’s Escort.
     Wall Scaling.
     Washington Continental Guards.
     Washwoman’s Troubles.
     Waterfall in the Catskills.
     Young Men’s Blaine Club of Cincinnati.
   1898.
     Acrobatic Monkey.
     Admiral Sampson on Board the Flagship.
     Advance Guard, Return of N. J. Troops.
     After Launching.
     Afternoon Tea on Board S. S. “Doric.”
     American Flag.
     Arrival of Tokyo Train.
     Ball Game.
     Balloon Ascension, Marionettes.
     Battery B Arriving at Camp.
     Battery B Pitching Camp.
     Blanket-Tossing a New Recruit.
     Branding Cattle.
     Buck Dance.
     Bull Fight.
     Burglar.
     Burglar in the Bed Chamber.
     Burglar on the Roof.
     Burial of the “Maine” Victims.
     Calf Branding.
     California Limited, A. T. & S.F.R.R.
     California Orange Groves, Panoramic View.
     California Volunteers Marching To Embark.
     Cañon of the Rio Grande.
     Canton River Scene.
     Canton Steamboat Landing Chinese Passengers.
     Cattle Fording Stream.
     Cattle Leaving the Corral.
     Cavalier’s Dream.
     Chinese Procession.
     Circle Dance.
     Close View of the “Brooklyn,” Naval Parade.
     Coasting.
     Colored Troops Disembarking.
     Comedy Set-To.
     Cop and the Nurse Girl.
     Cripple Creek Floats.
     Cruiser “Cincinnati.”
     Cruiser “Detroit.”
     Cruiser “Marblehead.”
     Cuban Ambush.
     Cuban Refugees Waiting for Rations.
     Cuban Volunteers Embarking.
     Cuban Volunteers Marching for Rations.
     Dancing Chinaman, Marionettes.
     Decorated Carriages.
     Denver Fire Brigade.
     Dogs Playing in the Surf.
     Eagle Dance, Pueblo Indians.
     Ella Lola, a La Trilby.
     Elopement on Horseback.
     Excursion Boats, Naval Parade.
     Fake Beggar.
     Farmer Kissing the Lean Girl.
     Feeding Sea Gulls.
     Flagship “New York.”
     Fleet Steaming Up North River.
     14th U. S. Infantry Drilling at the Presidio.
     Freight Train.
     Game of Shovel Board on Board S. S. “Doric.”
     “Glen Island,” Accompanying Parade.
     Going Through the Tunnel.
     Going to the Yokohama Races.
     Government House at Hong Kong.
     Heaving the Log.
     Hockey Match on the Ice.
     Hong Kong Regiment.
     Hong Kong, Wharf-Scene.
     Honolulu Street Scene.
     Horticultural Floats.
     Indian Day School.
     Japanese Sampans.
     Kanakas Diving for Money.
     Landing Wharf at Canton.
     Lassoing Steer.
     Las Vegas [i.e. La Viga] Canal, Mexico City.
     Launch of Japanese Man-of-War “Chitosa.”
     Launching.
     Loading Horses on Transport.
     Major General Shafter.
     Marching Scene.
     Market Scene, City of Mexico.
     Masked Procession.
     “Massachusetts,” Naval Parade.
     Merry-Go-Round.
     Mexican Fishing Scene.
     Mexican Rurales Charge.
     Mexico Street Scene.
     Mid-Winter Brush.
     Military Camp at Tampa, Taken from Train.
     Monitor “Terror.”
     Morro Castle, Havana Harbor.
     Mount Tamalpais R. R.
     Mount Taw R. R.
     Mules Swimming Ashore at Daiquiri, Cuba.
     Native Daughters.
     N. Y. Journal Despatch Yacht “Buccaneer.”
     9th and 13th U. S. Infantry at Battalion Drill.
     9th Infantry Boys’ Morning Wash.
     9th U. S. Cavalry Watering Horses.
     Observation Train Following Parade.
     Off for the Rabbit Chase.
     Old Glory and Cuban Flag.
     Ostriches Feeding.
     Ostriches Running.
     Pack Mules with Ammunition on the Santiago Trail, Cuba.
     Packing Ammunition on Mules, Cuba.
     Parade of Buffalo Bill’s Wild West Show.
     Parade of Chinese.
     Parade of Coaches.
     Parade of Marines, U. S. Cruiser, “Brooklyn.”
     Picking Oranges.
     Police Boats Escorting Naval Parade.
     Procession of Floats.
     Procession of Mounted Indians and Cowboys.
     Railway Station at Yokohama.
     Repairing Streets in Mexico.
     Return of 2nd Regiment of New Jersey.
     Return of Troop C, Brooklyn.
     Returning from the Races.
     Reviewing the “Texas” at Grant’s Tomb.
     River Scene at Macao, China.
     Roosevelt’s Rough Riders Embarking for Santiago.
     Royal Gorge.
     S. S. “Coptic.”
     S. S. “Coptic” Coaling.
     S. S. “Coptic” Lying To.
     S. S. “Coptic” Running Against the Storm.
     S. S. “Coptic” Running Before a Gale.
     S. S. “Doric.”
     S. S. “Doric” in Mid-Ocean.
     S. S. “Gaelic.”
     S. S. “Gaelic” at Nagasaki.
     Sea Waves.
     Secretary Long and Captain Sigsbee.
     See-Saw Scene.
     Serving Rations to the Indians.
     71st N. Y. Volunteers Embarking for Santiago.
     Shanghai Police.
     Shanghai Street Scene.
     Sheik Artillery, Hong Kong.
     Shooting Captured Insurgents.
     Skeleton Dance, Marionettes.
     Sleighing Scene.
     Snow Storm.
     Snowballing the Coasters.
     Soldiers Washing Dishes.
     South Spring Street, Los Angeles, Cal.
     Spanish Ball Game.
     Statue of Liberty.
     Steamer “Mascotte” Arriving at Tampa.
     Street Arab.
     Street Scene in Hong Kong.
     Street Scene in Yokohama.
     Street Scene, San Diego.
     Sunday Morning in Mexico.
     Sunset Limited, Southern Pacific Ry.
     Surface Transit, Mexico.
     Telephone.
     10th U. S. Infantry, and Battalion Leaving Cars.
     10th U. S. Infantry Disembarking from Cars.
     “Texas,” Naval Parade.
     Theatre Road, Yokohama.
     Tourists Starting for Canton.
     Train Hour in Durango, Mexico.
     Trained Cavalry Horses.
     Tramp in the Kitchen.
     Transport Ships at Port Tampa.
     Transport “Whitney” Leaving Dock.
     Troop Ships for the Philippines.
     Troops Embarking at San Francisco.
     Troops Making Military Road in Front of Santiago.
     Turkish Dance, Ella Lola.
     Union Iron Works.
     U. S. Battleship “Indiana.”
     U. S. Battleship “Iowa.”
     U. S. Battleship “Oregon.”
     U. S. Cavalry Supplies Unloading at Tampa, Florida.
     U. S. Cruiser “Brooklyn,” Naval Parade.
     U. S. Cruiser “Nashville.”
     U. S. S. “Castine.”
     U. S. Troops Landing at Daiquiri, Cuba.
     Unwelcome Visitor.
     Vanishing Lady.
     Victorious Squadron Firing Salute.
     Wagon Supply Train en Route.
     Wand Dance, Pueblo Indians.
     War Correspondents.
     Wash Day in Mexico.
     Wharf Scene, Honolulu.
     What Demoralized the Barber Shop.
     Wreck of the Battleship “Maine.”
   1899.
     Admiral Dewey at State House, Boston.
     Admiral Dewey Landing at Gibraltar.
     Admiral Dewey Leading Land Parade.
     Admiral Dewey Passing Catholic Club Stand.
     Admiral Dewey Receiving the Washington and New York Committees.
     Admiral Dewey Taking Leave of Washington Committee on the U. S.
        Cruiser “Olympia.”
     Advance of Kansas Volunteers at Caloocan.
     After the Race—Yachts Returning to Anchorage.
     Arabian Gun Twirler.
     Astor Battery on Parade.
     Astor Tramp.
     Battery K Siege Guns.
     Bibulous Clothier.
     Bicycle Trick Riding.
     Boston Horseless Fire Department.
     Capture of Trenches at Candaba.
     Casey at the Bat.
     Coaches Arriving at Mammoth Hot Springs.
     Coaches Going to Cinnabar from Yellowstone Park.
     Colonel Funstan [i.e., Funston] Swimming the Baglag River.
     “Columbia” Winning the Cup.
     Cripple Creek Bar-Room Scene.
     Dewey Arch—Troops Passing Under Arch.
     Dewey Parade, 10th Pennsylvania Volunteers.
     Diving Horse.
     Early Morning Attack.
     Fair Exchange Is No Robbery.
     Filipinos Retreat from Trenches.
     Fun in Camp.
     General Lee’s Procession, Havana.
     Governor Roosevelt and Staff.
     Jones and His Pal in Trouble.
     Jones’ Interrupted Sleighride.
     Jones Makes a Discovery.
     Jones’ Return from the Club. Larks Behind the Scene.
     Lower Falls, Grand Canyon, Yellowstone Park.
     Mesmerist and Country Couple.
     Morning Colors on U. S. Cruiser “Raleigh.”
     New Brooklyn to New York via Brooklyn Bridge.
     New York Police Parade, June 1st, 1899.
     104th Street Curve, New York, Elevated Railway.
     Panorama at Grant’s Tomb, Dewey Naval Procession.
     Panoramic View, Horseshoe Curve from Penna., Ltd.
     Panoramic View, Horseshoe Curve, Penna. R. R.
     Panoramic View of Brooklyn Bridge.
     Panoramic View of Floral Float “Olympia.”
     Pictures Incidental to Yacht Race.
     Pilot Boats in New York Harbor.
     Poker at Dawson City.
     Prentis Trio.
     Raising Old Glory Over Morro Castle.
     Rapids Below Suspension Bridge.
     Ride Through Pack Saddle Mountains, Penna. R. R.
     Rout of the Filipinos.
     Running Through Gallitzen Tunnel, Penna. R. R.
     2nd Special Service Battalion, Canadian Infantry, Embarking for So.
        Africa.
     2nd Special Service Battalion, Canadian Infantry—Parade.
     “Shamrock” and “Columbia” Rounding the Outer Stake Boat.
     “Shamrock” and “Columbia” Yacht Race—First Race. “Shamrock” and
        “Erin” Sailing.
     Shoot the Chutes Series.
     Skirmish of Rough Riders.
     Strange Adventure of New York Drummer.
     Tenderloin at Night.
     Three Acrobats.
     Tommy Atkins, Bobby and Cook.
     Tourists Going Round Yellowstone Park.
     Trick Bears.
     Troops at Evacuation of Havana.
     U. S. Cruiser “Olympia” Leading Naval Parade.
     U. S. Cruiser “Raleigh.”
     U. S. Infantry Supported by Rough Riders at El Caney.
     U. S. Troops and Red Cross in the Trenches Before Caloocan.
     West Point Cadets.
     Wringing Good Joke.
   1900.
     Animated Luncheon.
     Artist’s Dream.
     Automobile Parade.
     Battle of Mafeking.
     Bird’s-Eye View of Dock Front, Galveston.
     Boer Commissary Train Treking.
     Boers Bringing in British Prisoners.
     Bombardment of Taku Forts, by the Allied Fleets.
     Breaking of the Crowd at Military Review at Longchamps.
     Burning of the Standard Oil Co’s Tanks, Bayonne, N. J.
     Capture of Boer Battery b British.
     Champs de Mars.
     Champs Elysees.
     Charge of Boer Cavalry.
     Ching Ling Foo Outdone.
     Clown and the Alchemist.
     Congress of Nations.
     Dick Croker Leaving Tammany Hall.
     Discharging a Whitehead Torpedo.
     Dull Razor.
     Eiffel Tower from Trocadero Palace.
     Enchanted Drawing.
     English Lancers Charging.
     Esplanade des Invalides.
     Exploding a Whitehead Torpedo.
     Faust and Marguerite.
     Grandma and the Bad Boys.
     Gun Drill by Naval Cadets at Newport Training School.
     Gymnasium Exercises and Drill at Newport Training School.
     High Diving by A. C. Holden.
     Hooligan Assists the Magician.
     Kiss.
     Launching a Stranded Schooner from the Docks.
     Magician.
     Maude’s Naughty Little Brother.
     Mystic Swing.
     Naval Apprentices at Sail Drill on Historic Ship Constellation.
     Naval Sham Battle at Newport.
     New Black Diamond Express.
     Overland Express Arriving at Helena, Mont.
     Palace of Electricity.
     Panorama from the Moving Boardwalk.
     Panorama of East Galveston.
     Panorama of Eiffel Tower.
     Panorama of Galveston Power House.
     Panorama of Gorge Railway.
     Panorama of Orphans Home, Galveston.
     Panorama of Place de l’Opera.
     Panorama of the Moving Boardwalk.
     Panorama of the Paris Exposition, from the Seine.
     Panorama of Wreckage of Water Front.
     Panoramic View of Newport.
     Panoramic View of the Champs Elysees.
     Panoramic View of the Place de L’Concord [i.e. La Concorde].
     Panoramic View of Tremont Hotel, Galveston.
     Red Cross Ambulance on Battlefield.
     Scene from the Elevator Ascending Eiffel Tower.
     Scene in the Swiss Village at Paris Exposition.
     Searching Ruins on Broadway, Galveston, for Dead Bodies.
     Storm at Sea.
     Swiss Village.
     Torpedo Boat “Morris” Running.
     Uncle Josh in a Spooky Hotel.
     Uncle Josh’s Nightmare.
     Watermelon Contest.
     White Horse Rapids.
     Why Jones Discharged His Clerks.
     Why Mrs. Jones Got a Divorce.
     Wringing Good Joke.
   1901.
     “Abbot” & “Cresceus” Race.
     Another Job for the Undertaker.
     Arrival of McKinley’s Funeral Train at Canton, Ohio.
     Artist’s Dilemma.
     Aunt Sallie’s Wonderful Bustle.
     Automatic Weather Prophet.
     Automobile Parade on the Coney Island Boulevard.
     Bad Boys’ Joke on the Nurse.
     Bathing at Atlantic City.
     Bicycle Paced Race.
     Building a Harbor at San Pedro.
     California Oil Wells in Operation.
     Canoeing Scene.
     Captain Nissen Going Through Whirlpool Rapids, Niagara Falls.
     Carrying Out the Snakes.
     Catching an Early Train.
     Children Bathing.
     Circular Panorama of Electric Tower.
     Circular Panorama of Suspension Bridge and American Falls.
     Circular Panoramic View of Whirlpool Rapids.
     “Columbia” and “Shamrock” II.
     “Columbia” Winning the Cup.
     Cornell-Columbia-University of Pennsylvania Boat Race at Ithaca, N.
        Y., Showing Lehigh Valley Observation Train.
     Day at the Circus.
     Donkey Party.
     Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York Landing at Queenstown,
        Ontario.
     Duke of York at Montreal and Quebec.
     Educated Chimpanzee.
     Esquimaux Game of Snap-the-Whip.
     Esquimaux Leap-Frog.
     Esquimaux Village.
     Execution of Czolgosz, with Panorama of Auburn Prison. Farmer and
        the Bad Boys.
     Fat and Lean Wrestling Match.
     Faust Family of Acrobats.
     Finish of Bridget McKeen.
     Follow the Leader.
     Fun in a Butcher Shop.
     Funeral Leaving the President’s House and Church at Canton, Ohio.
     Gordon Sisters Boxing.
     Happy Hooligan April-Fooled.
     Happy Hooligan Surprised.
     Harry Thompson’s Immitations [i.e., Imitations] of Sousa.
     Horse Parade at the Pan-American Exposition.
     How the Dutch Beat the Irish.
     Ice-Boat Racing at Redbank, N. J.
     Japanese Village.
     Jeffreys [i.e., Jeffries] and Ruhlin Sparring Contest at San
        Francisco, Cal., Nov. 15, 1901.—Five Rounds.
     Jeffreys [i.e., Jeffries] in His Training Quarters.
     Joke on Grandma.
     Kansas Saloon Smashers.
     Laura Comstock’s Bag-Punching Dog.
     Leaping Dogs at Gentry’s Circus.
     Life Rescue at Long Branch.
     Line-Up and Teasing the Snakes.
     Love by the Light of the Moon.
     Love in a Hammock.
     Lovers, Coal Box, and Fireplace.
     Lukens, Novel Gymnast.
     McKinley’s Funeral Entering Westlawn Cemetery, Canton.
     March of Prayer and Entrance of the Dancers.
     Martyred Presidents.
     Miles Canyon Tramway.
     Mob Outside the Temple of Music at the Pan-American Exposition.
     Moki Snake Dance by Wolpi [i.e., Walpapi] Indians.
     Montreal Fire Department on Runners.
     Musical Ride.
     Mysterious Cafe.
     Old Faithful Geyser.
     Old Maid Having Her Picture Taken.
     Old Maid in the Horsecar.
     Opening, Pan-American Exposition.
     Ostrich Farms at Pasadena.
     Pack Train on the Chilcoot [i.e., Chilkoot] Pass.
     Packers on the Trail.
     Pan-American Exposition by Night.
     Panorama, Great Gorge Route over Lewiston Bridge.
     Panorama of Esplanade by Night.
     Panoramic View, Albert Canyon.
     Panoramic View, Kicking Horse Canyon.
     Panoramic View, Lower Kicking Horse Canyon.
     Panoramic View, Lower Kicking Horse Valley.
     Panoramic View of Boston Subway from an Electric Car.
     Panoramic View of Electric Tower from a Balloon.
     Panoramic View of Moki-Land.
     Panoramic View of Rubio Canyon, Mt. Low R. R.
     Panoramic View of the Fleet After Yacht Race.
     Panoramic View of the Gorge R. R.
     Panoramic View of the Great Cable Incline, Mt. Low R. R.
     Panoramic View of the President’s House at Canton, Ohio.
     Panoramic View of the White Pass Railroad.
     Panoramic View, Upper Kicking Horse Canyon.
     Parade of Snake Dancers Before the Dance.
     Phenomenal Contortionist.
     Photographer’s Mishap.
     Photographing a Country Couple.
     Pie, Tramp and the Bulldog.
     Pigeon Farm at Los Angeles, Cal.
     President McKinley and Escort Going to the Capitol.
     President McKinley Reviewing the Troops at the Pan-American
        Exposition.
     President McKinley Taking the Oath.
     President McKinley’s Funeral Cortege at Buffalo, N. Y.
     President McKinley’s Funeral Cortege at Washington, D. C.
     President McKinley’s Speech at the Pan-American Exposition.
     President Roosevelt at the Canton Station.
     Prize Winners at the Country Fair.
     Professional Handicap Bicycle Race.
     Reversible Divers.
     Riverside Geyser, Yellowstone Park.
     Rocking Gold in the Klondike. Roeber Wrestling Match.
     Royal Train, with Duke and Duchess of York, Climbing Mt. Hector.
     Rubes in the Theatre.
     Ruhlin in His Training Quarters.
     Sampson and Schley Controversy—Tea Party.
     Sampson-Schley Controversy.
     Sham Battle at the Pan-American Exposition.
     Soubrette’s Troubles on a Fifth Avenue Stage.
     Spanish Dancers at the Pan-American Exposition.
     Street’s Zouaves and Wall Scaling.
     Swimming Pool at Coney Island.
     Taking President McKinley’s Body from Train at Canton, Ohio.
     Tally-Ho Departing for the Races.
     Terrible Teddy, the Grizzly King.
     Tramp and the Nursing Bottle.
     Tramp’s Dream.
     Tramp’s Miraculous Escape.
     Tramp’s Strategy That Failed.
     Tramp’s Unexpected Skate.
     Trapeze Disrobing Act.
     Trick Cyclist.
     Trip Around the Pan-American Exposition.
     Upper Falls of the Yellowstone.
     Washing Gold on 20 Above Hunker, Klondike.
     Weary Willie and the Gardener.
     What Demoralized the Barber Shop.
     What Happened on Twenty-Third Street, New York City.
     Why Mr. Nation Wants a Divorce.
     Working the Breeches Buoy.
     Yacht Race Fleet Following the Committee Boat “Navigator” Oct. 4th.
        1902.
   1902.
     Appointment by Telephone.
     Arrival of Prince Henry [o Prussia] and President Roosevelt at
        Shooter’s Island.
     Arrival of the Governor General, Lord Minto, at Quebec.
     Babies Rolling Eggs.
     Bessemer Steel Converter in Operation.
     Bird’s-Eye View of San Francisco, Cal., from a Balloon.
     Broncho Busting Scenes.
     Championship of the World.
     Bull and the Picnickers.
     Burlesque Suicide.
     Burning of Durland’s Riding Academy.
     Burning of St. Pierre.
     Cable Road in San Francisco, Cal.
     Capture of the Biddle Brothers.
     Charleston Chain-Gang.
     Chinese Shaving Scene.
     Christening and Launching Kaiser Wilhelm’s Yacht “Meteor.”
     Circular Panorama of Housing the Ice.
     Circular Panoramic View of Jones & Laughlin’s Steel Works Yard.
     Coasting Scene at Montmorency Falls, Canada.
     Cross Country Running on Snow Shoes.
     Cutting and Canaling Ice.
     “Deutschland” Leaving New York at Full Speed.
     Facial Expression.
     Feeding Geese at Newman’s Poultry Farm.
     Feeding the Bear at the Menagerie.
     Fishing at Faralone Island.
     Fun in a Bakery Shop.
     German and American Tableau.
     Golden Chariots.
     Great Bull Fight.
     Happy Hooligan Turns Burglar.
     Hindoo Fakir.
     How They Do Things on the Bowery.
     Interrupted Bathers.
     Interrupted Picnic.
     Jack and the Beanstalk.
     Kaiser Wilhelm’s Yacht, “Meteor,” Entering the Water.
     “Kronprinz Wilhelm” with Prince Henry [of Prussia] on Board
        Arriving in New York.
     Las Vegas [i.e. La Viga] Canal, Mexico.
     Loading a Vessel at Charleston.
     Loading the Ice on Cars, Conveying It Across the Mountains and
        Loading It into Boats.
     Midway of Charleston Exposition.
     Miniature Railway.
     Moonlight on Lake Maggiore.
     Mt. Pelee in Eruption and Destruction of St. Pierre.
     Mt. Pelee Smoking Before Eruption.
     New Sunset Limited.
     New Year’s Mummies [i.e., Mummers’] Parade.
     New York City in a Blizzard.
     Panorama of the Paterson [N. J.] Fire.
     Panoramic View Between
     Palliser and Field, B. C.
     Panoramic View from Pittsburgh to Allegheny.
     Panoramic View Near Mt. Golden on the Canadian Pacific R. R.
     Panoramic View of Charleston Exposition.
     Panoramic View of Mt. Tamalpais.
     Panoramic View of Mt. Tamalpais Between Bow Knot and McKinley Cut.
     Panoramic View of the Canadian Pacific R. R. Near Leauchoil, B. C.
     Panoramic View of the Golden Gate.
     Panoramic View of the Hohenzollern.
     Paterson [N. J.] Fire, Showing the Y.M.C.A. and Library.
     President Roosevelt Reviewing the Troops at Charleston.
     Prince Henry [of Prussia] Arriving at West Point.
     Prince Henry [of Prussia] Arriving in Washington and Visiting the
        German Embassy.
     Prince Henry [of Prussia] at Lincoln’s Monument, Chicago, Ill.
     Prince Henry [of Prussia] at Niagara Falls.
     Prince Henry [of Prussia] Reviewing the Cadets at West Point.
     Prince Henry [of Prussia] Visiting Cambridge, Mass. and Harvard
        University.
     Rock of Ages.
     Ruins of City Hall, Paterson.
     S. S. “Deutschland” in a Storm.
     S. S. “Deutschland” in Heavy Sea.
     S. S. “Deutschland” Leaving Her Dock in Hoboken.
     Sailing of the Deutschland with Prince Henry [of Prussia] on Board.
     St. Patrick’s Cathedral and Fifth Avenue on Easter Sunday Morning.
     Scrambling for eggs.
     Sea Gulls Following Fishing Boats.
     Shuffleboard on S. S. “Deutschland.”
     Skiing in Montreal.
     Skiing Scene in Quebec.
     Swimming Ducks at Allentown [Pa.] Duck Farm.
     Tobogganing in Canada.
     Tossing Eggs.
     Twentieth Century Tramp.
     Uncle Josh at the Moving Picture Show.
     Weary Hunters and the Magician.
     Working Rotary Snow Ploughs on Lehigh Valley Railroad.
   1903.
     “Africander” Winning the Suburban Handicap, 1903.
     Ancient and Honorable Artillery of London on Parade.
     Ancient and Honorables Homeward Bound.
     Animated Poster.
     Arabian Jewish Dance.
     Baby Class at Lunch.
     Baby Review.
     Battle of Confetti at the Nice Carnival.
     Battle of Flowers at the Nice Carnival.
     Buster’s Joke on Papa.
     Crossing the Atlantic.
     Down Where the Wurzburger Flows.
     East River Novelty.
     Eating Macaroni in the Streets of Naples.
     Egyptian Boys in Swimming Race.
     Egyptian Fakir with Dancing Monkey.
     Egyptian Market Scene.
     Electrocuting an Elephant.
     Emigrants [i.e. Immigrants] Landing at Ellis Island.
     Excavating Scene at the Pyramids of Sakkarah.
     Feeding Pigeons in Front of St. Mark’s Cathedral, Venice, Italy.
     Fireboat “New Yorker” Answering an Alarm.
     Fireboat “New Yorker” in Action.
     Flood Scene in Paterson, N. J.
     Fording the River Nile on Donkeys.
     Gay Shoe Clerk.
     Going to Market, Luxor, Egypt.
     Goo Goo Eyes.
     Great Fire Ruins, Coney Island.
     Great Train Robbery.
     Heavenly Twins at Lunch.
     Heavenly Twins at Odds.
     Herd of Sheep on the Road to Jerusalem.
     How Old Is Ann?
     Jerusalem’s Busiest Street, Showing Mt. Zion.
     Jewish Dance at Jerusalem.
     King Edward and President Loubet Reviewing French Troops.
     King Edward’s Visit to Paris.
     Lake Lucerne, Switzerland.
     Lehigh Valley Black Diamond Express.
     Life of an American Fireman.
     Little Lillian, Toe Danseuse.
     Market Scene in Old Cairo, Egypt.
     Maypole Dance.
     Messenger Boy’s Mistake.
     Miniature Railway at Wilmington Springs, Del.
     Miss Jessie Cameron, Champion Child Sword Dancer.
     Miss Jessie Dogherty, Champion Female Highland Fling Dancer.
     Move on.
     Native Woman Washing a Negro Baby in Nassau, B. I.
     Native Women Coaling a Ship and Scrambling for Money.
     Native Women Coaling a Ship at St. Thomas, D. W. I.
     Native Women Washing Clothes at St. Vincent, B. W. I.
     New York Caledonian Club’s Parade.
     New York City Dumping Wharf.
     New York City “Ghetto” Fish Market.
     New York City Police Parade.
     New York Harbor Police Boat Patrol Capturing Pirates.
     Office Boy’s Revenge.
     Old Fashioned Scottish Reel.
     Opening of New East River Bridge, New York.
     Orphans in the Surf.
     Panorama of Blackwell’s Island, New York.
     Panorama of Morro Castle, Havana, Cuba.
     Panorama of Riker’s Island, New York.
     Panorama of Tivoli, Italy, Showing Seven Falls.
     Panorama of Willemstadt, Curacao, Taken from the River.
     Panorama Water Front and Brooklyn Bridge from East River.
     Panoramic View of an Egyptian Cattle Market.
     Panoramic View of Beyrouth, Syria, Showing Holiday Festivities.
     Panoramic View of Monte Carlo.
     Panoramic View of St. Pierre, Martinique.
     Passengers Embarking from S. S. “Augusta Victoria,” at Beyrouth.
     Pilot Leaving “Prinzessen Victoria Luise” at Sandy Hook.
     Policemen’s Prank on their Comrades.
     Primitive Irrigation in Egypt.
     Princeton and Yale Football Game.
     Procession of Floats and Masqueraders at Nice Carnival.
     Railroad Panorama Near Spanishtown, Jamaica.
     Razzle Dazzle.
     “Reliance” and “Shamrock” III Jockeying and Starting in First Race.
     “Reliance” Crossing the Line and Winning First Race.
     Rube and Fender.
     Rube and Mandy at Coney Island.
     Scrap in Black and White.
     Seashore Frolics.
     Shearing a Donkey in Egypt.
     69th Regiment, N.G.N.Y.
     Skyscrapers of New York City, from the North River.
     Sorting Refuse at Incinerating Plant, New York City.
     Steamscow “Cinderella” and Ferryboat “Cincinnati.”
     Still Alarm.
     Street Car Chivalry.
     Street Scene at Jaffa.
     Subub Surprises the Burglar.
     Throwing the Sixteen Pound Hammer.
     Tourists Embarking at Jaffa.
     Tourists Landing at Island of Capri, Italy.
     Tourists Playing Shuffleboard on “Prinzessen Victoria Luise.”
     Tourists Returning on Donkeys from Mizpah.
     Tourists Starting on Donkeys for the Pyramids of Sakkarah.
     Tourists Taking Water from the River Jordan.
     Tub Race.
     Turning the Tables.
     Unappreciated Joke.
     Uncle Tom’s Cabin.
     Under the Mistletoe.
     Washing Clothes at Sicily.
     West Indian Boys Diving for Money.
     West Indian Girls in Native Dance.
     Wharf Scene and Natives Swimming at St. Thomas, D. W. I.
     What Happened in the Tunnel.
     White Wings on Review.
   1904.
     Animated Painting.
     Annual Baby Parade, 1904, Asbury Park, N. J.
     Annual Parade, New York Fire Department.
     Babe and Puppies.
     Bad Boy’s Joke on the Nurse.
     Battle of Chemulpo Bay.
     Boxing Horses, Luna Park, Coney Island.
     Brush Between Cowboys and Indians.
     Bucking Broncos.
     Buster Brown Series.
     Canoeing on the Charles River.
     Capsized Boat.
     Capture of Yegg Bank Burglars.
     Casey’s Frightful Dream.
     Circular Panorama of the Horseshoe Falls in Winter.
     City Hall to Harlem in 15 Seconds, via the Subway Route.
     Cohen’s Advertising Scheme.
     Cop Fools the Sergeant.
     Cowboys and Indians Fording River in a Wagon.
     Crossing Ice Bridge at Niagara Falls.
     Dog Factory.
     Driving Cattle to Pasture.
     Elephants Shooting the Chutes, Luna Park, Coney Island.
     European Rest Cure.
     Ex-Convict.
     Fire and Flames at Luna Park, Coney Island.
     Halloween Night at the Seminary.
     Herding Horses Across a River.
     Hold-Up in a Country Grocery Store.
     How a French Nobleman Got a Wife Through the New York Herald
        Personal Columns.
     Ice Boating on the North Shrewsbury, Red Bank, N. J.
     Ice Skating in Central Park, N. Y.
     Inter-Collegiate Athletic Association Championships, 1904.
     Inter-Collegiate Regatta, Poughkeepsie, New York.
     Japanese Acrobats.
     Judge Parker Receiving the Notification of His Nomination for the
        Presidency.
     Little German Band.
     Maniac Chase.
     Midnight Intruder.
     Military Maneuvers, Manassas, Va.
     Mining Operations, Pennsylvania Fields.
     Miss Lillian Shaffer and Her Dancing Horse.
     Nervy Nat Kisses the Bride.
     Old Maid and Fortune Teller.
     Opening Ceremonies, New York Subway, October 27, 1904.
     Outing, Mystic Shriners, Atlantic City, New Jersey.
     Panorama of Ruins from Baltimore and Charles Street.
     Panorama of Ruins from Lombard and Charles Street.
     Panorama of Ruins from Lombard and Hanover Streets, Baltimore, Md.
     Panorama of Ruins from Water Front.
     Parade, Mystic Shriners, Atlantic City, New Jersey. Parsifal.
     Pollywogs 71st Regiment, N.G.S.N.Y. Initiating Raw Recruits.
     Railroad Smashup.
     Rounding Up and Branding Cattle.
     Rounding Up of the “Yeggmen.”
     Rube Couple at a County Fair.
     Scarecrow Pump.
     Scenes in an Infant Orphan Asylum.
     Section of Buster Brown Series, Showing a Sketch of Buster by
        Outcault.
     Skirmish Between Russian and Japanese Advance Guards.
     Sleighing in Central Park, New York.
     Sliding Down Ice Mound at Niagara Falls.
     Strenuous Life.
     Treloar and Miss Marshall, Prize Winners at the Physical Culture
        Show in Madison Square Garden.
     War Canoe Race.
     Weary Willie Kidnaps a Child.
     Western Stage Coach Hold Up.
     Wifey’s Mistake.
   1905.
     Boarding School Girls.
     Burglar’s Slide for Life.
     Coney Island at Night.
     Down on the Farm.
     Drills and Exercises, Schoolship “St. Mary’s.”
     Electric Mule.
     Empire State Express, the Second, Taking Water on the Fly.
     Everybody Works But Father.
     Five Cent Trolley Ride.
     Hippodrome Races, Dreamland, Coney Island.
     How Jones Lost His Roll.
     June’s Birthday Party.
     Kleptomaniac.
     Life of an American Policeman.
     Little Train Robbery.
     Miller’s Daughter.
     Mystic Shriners’ Day, Dreamland, Coney Island.
     Night Before Christmas.
     Opening of Belmont Park Race Course.
     Phoebe Snow.
     Poor Algy.
     President Roosevelt’s Inauguration.
     Raffles, the Dog.
     Scenes and Incidents, Russo-Japanese Peace Conference, Portsmouth,
        N. H.
     Seven Ages.
     Start of Ocean Race for Kaiser’s Cup.
     Stolen by Gypsies.
     Train Wreckers.
     Watermelon Patch.
     White Caps.
     Whole Dam Family and the Dam Dog.
   1906.
     Arriving Mahukona Express, Kohala, Hawaii.
     Crowds Returning from the Games, Waikiki, H. I.
     Dream of a Rarebit Fiend.
     “Float,” Waikiki, Honolulu, Hawaiian Islands.
     Getting Evidence.
     Hauling Sugar Cane, Kohala Plantation, Hawaii.
     Hawaiians Arriving To Attend a Luau or Native Feast.
     Hawaiians Departing To Attend a Luau or Native Feast.
     Honeymoon at Niagara Falls.
     How the Office Boy Saw the Ball Game.
     Kanaka Fishermen Casting the Throw Net, Hilo, H. I.
     Kathleen Mavourneen.
     Life of a Cowboy.
     Loading Sugar, Kahului, Maui, H. I.
     Native Hawaiian Guards in Bayonet Exercises, H. I.
     Pa-U Riders, Hawaiian Islands. Pano[ramic] View, Crater of
        Haleakala, H. I.
     Pano[ramic] View, Honolulu Harbor, H. I.
     Pano[ramic] View, King St. Honolulu, H. I.
     Pano[ramic] View, Oahu Railroad, Haleiwa, H. I.
     Panoramic View, Oahu Railroad, Pearl Harbor, Hawaiian Islands.
     Pano[ramic] View of Waikiki Beach, Honolulu, H. I.
     Pano[ramic] View, Waikiki from an Electric Car, H. I. S. S. “Kinau”
        Landing Passengers, Laupahoihoi, H. I.
     S. S. “Kinau” Landing Passengers, Mahukona, Hawaii.
     Scenes on a Sugar Plantation, Hawaiian Islands.
     Shearing Sheep, Humunla Ranch, Hawaii.
     Sheep Coming Through Chute, Humunla Ranch, Hawaii.
     Shipping Cattle, Hawaihae, Hawaiian Islands.
     Snapshots, Hawaiian Islands.
     Surf Board Riders, Waikiki, Honolulu, H. I.
     Surf Scene, Laupahoihoi, Hawaiian Islands.
     Surf Scene, Waikiki, Honolulu, H. I.
     Terrible Kids.
     Three American Beauties.
     Trip Through the Yellowstone Park, U. S. A.
     Waiting at the Church.
     Washing Sheep, Humunla Ranch, Hawaii.
     Water Buffalo Wallowing, Hawaiian Islands.
     Winter Straw Ride.
   1907.
     Cohen’s Fire Sale.
     Daniel Boone.
     Fire Run, Colon Department Under Cocoanut Tree.
     Jack the Kisser.
     Jamaica Negroes Doing a Two-Step.
     Lost in the Alps.
     Machete Men Clearing a Jungle.
     Making the Dirt Fly.
     Nine Lives of a Cat.
     Old Market Place, Panama.
     Panorama from Columbus Point of Atlantic Entrance to the Canal.
     Panorama, La Boca Harbor and Pacific Entrance to Canal.
     Panorama of Culebra Cut.
     Panorama Ruins of Old French Machinery.
     Race for Millions.
     Rivals.
     Stage Struck.
     Teddy Bears.
     Three American Beauties.
     U. S. Sanitary Squad Fumigating a House.

 EDISON [THOMAS A.] INC.
   1911.
     Adventures of a Baby.
     Aïda.
     All for the Love of a Lady.
     April Fool.
     At Jones’ Ferry.
     At the Threshold of Life.
     Awakening of John Bond.
     B.P.O.E.—the Benevolent Protective Order of Elks Convention at
        Atlantic City, July 10 to 15, 1911.
     Baby of the Boarding House.
     Baby’s Fall.
     Battle of Bunker Hill.
     Battle of Trafalgar.
     Betty’s Buttons.
     Between Two Fires.
     Big Dam.
     Black Arrow.
     Bob and Rowdy.
     Bo’sun’s Watch.
     Brockton Fair and Horse Show.
     Buckskin Jack, the Earl of Glenmore.
     Buried Past.
     Captain Nell.
     Capture of Fort Ticonderoga.
     Card of Introduction.
     Cardinal’s Edict.
     Case of High Treason.
     Child and the Tramp.
     Christian and Moor.
     Comedy of Understanding.
     Conspiracy Against the King.
     Crucial Test.
     Crusader.
     Cure for Crime.
     Cure for Dyspepsia.
     Daisy Cowboys.
     Day at West Point Military Academy, New York.
     Death of Nathan Hale.
     Declaration of Independence.
     Department Store.
     Disreputable Mr. Raegen.
     Doomed Ship.
     Edna’s Imprisonment.
     Escaped Lunatic.
     Eskimos in Labrador.
     Eugene Wrayburn.
     Fairie’s Banquet.
     Famous Duel.
     Father’s Dress Suit.
     For the Queen.
     Foul Play.
     Friday, the 13th.
     Ghost’s Warning.
     Girl and the Motor Boat.
     Hair Restorer and the Indians.
     Haunted Sentinel Tower.
     Heart of Nichette.
     Hearts and Flags.
     Her Brother’s Photograph.
     Her Wedding Ring.
     Heroes Three.
     His First Trip.
     His Misjudgment.
     Home.
     How Bella Was Won.
     How Mrs. Murray Saved the American Army.
     How Sir Andrew Lost His Vote.
     How Spriggins Took Lodgers.
     How the Hungry Man Was Fed.
     How the Telephone Came to Town.
     How Willie Raised Tobacco.
     Icebergs off the Coast of Labrador.
     In and Around Havana, Cuba.
     In the Baggage Coach Ahead.
     Inheritance.
     International Heart-Breaker.
     Island Comedy.
     It Served Her Right.
     Jim the Mule Boy.
     John Brown’s Heir.
     Josh and Cindy’s Wedding Trip.
     Kid from the Klondyke [i.e., Klondike].
     Launching of the Battleship “Rivadavia.”
     Leaves of a Romance.
     Lesson Learned.
     Life in the U. S. Army.
     Lighthouse by the Sea.
     Living Peach.
     Logan’s Babies.
     Love and Hatred.
     Love and the Stock Market.
     Ludwig from Germany.
     Lure of the City.
     Madeline’s Rebellion.
     Mae’s Suitors.
     Maiden of the Piefaced Indians.
     Man for All That.
     Marvels of Horsemanship.
     Mary’s Masquerade.
     Mike’s Hero.
     Minute Man.
     Mistakes Will Happen.
     Modern Cinderella.
     Modern Dianas.
     Modern Weapons For Fighting Fire, New York City.
     Money To Burn.
     Monsieur.
     Nell’s Last Deal.
     New Church Carpet.
     New York State Barge Canals.
     Niece and the Chorus Lady.
     Night of Terror.
     No Cooking Allowed.
     Off the Coast of Maine.
     Old Family Bible.
     Old Sweetheart of Mine.
     Panama Canal in 1911.
     Papa’s Sweetheart.
     Pat Clancy’s Adventure.
     Perilous Ride.
     Polish and Pie.
     Price of a Man.
     Professor and the New Hat.
     Pull for the Shore, Sailor.
     Quarrel on the Cliff.
     Question Mark.
     Reform Candidate.
     Resurrection of John.
     Rise and Fall of Weary Willie.
     Romance of the Cliff Dwellers.
     Sailor’s Love Letter.
     Sane Fourth of July.
     Santa Claus and the Club-Man.
     Sheriff.
     Sign of the Three Labels.
     Silent Tongue.
     Silver Threads Among the Gold.
     Sir George and the Heiress.
     Spirit of the Gorge.
     Stage-Struck Lizzie.
     Star Spangled Banner.
     Stolen Dog.
     Story of the Indian Ledge.
     Strike at the Mines.
     Stuff That Dreams Are Made of.
     Summer Girl.
     Surgeon’s Temptation.
     Switchman’s Tower.
     Test of Love.
     That Winsome Winnie Smile.
     Then You’ll Remember Me.
     Thoroughbred.
     Three Musketeers.
     Three of a Kind.
     Trading His Mother.
     Trapper’s Five Dollar Bill.
     Trip from Colorado Springs to Cripple Creek.
     Troubles of a Butler.
     Turned to the Wall.
     Turning the Tables.
     Twin Towers.
     Two Heroes.
     Two Officers.
     Two White Roses.
     Uncle Hiram’s List.
     Under the Tropical Sun.
     Unfinished Letter.
     Unknown Language.
     Van Bibber’s Experiment.
     Venom of Poppy.
     Wager and the Wage Earners.
     Wedding Bell.
     Who Gets the Order?
     Willie Wise and His Motor Boat.
     Winds of Fate.
     Young Men’s Christian Association.
     Younger Brother.
   1912.
     After Many Days.
     Aladdin Up-to-Date.
     Alone in New York.
     Angel and the Stranded Troupe.
     Apple Pie.
     Archibald Chubbs and the Widow.
     Artist and the Brain Specialist.
     Artist’s Joke.
     At the Point of the Sword.
     Aunt Miranda’s Cat.
     Baby.
     Bachelor’s Waterloo.
     Bank President’s Son.
     Believe Me If All Those Endearing Young Charms.
     Benares and Agra, India.
     Billie.
     Blinks and Jinks, Attorneys at Law.
     Boss of Lumber Camp No. 4.
     Boy and the Girl.
     Bridget’s Sudden Wealth.
     Butler and the Maid.
     Calumet “K.”
     Cashmere.
     Charlie’s Reform.
     Children Who Labor.
     Church and Country.
     City of Denver, the Queen of the Plains.
     City of Washington.
     Close of the American Revolution.
     Codfish Industry, Newfoundland.
     Commuter’s Wife.
     Convict’s Parole.
     Corsican Brothers.
     Cowboy’s Stratagem.
     Cub Reporter.
     Curing the Office Boy.
     Cynthia’s Agreement.
     Dam Builder.
     Dangerous Lesson.
     Dr. Brompton-Watts’ Adjuster.
     Dream Dances.
     Dress Suits in Pawn.
     Dumb Wooing.
     Eddie’s Exploit.
     Eleanore Cuyler.
     Escape from Bondage.
     Every Rose Has Its Stem.
     Everything Comes to Him Who Waits.
     Father.
     Father’s Bluff.
     Fifty Mile Ramble Through the Thousand Islands, St. Lawrence River.
     For the Cause of the South.
     For the Commonwealth.
     For Valour.
     Freezing Auntie.
     Funeral That Flashed in the Pan.
     Girl at the Key.
     Girl from the Country.
     Governor.
     Grandfather.
     Green-Eyed Monster.
     Grouch.
     Guilty Party.
     Harbinger of Peace.
     Hearts and Diamonds.
     Heir Apparent.
     Helping John.
     Her Face.
     Her Polished Family.
     High Cost of Living.
     His Daughter.
     His Secretary.
     Hogan’s Alley.
     Holding the Fort.
     House with the Tall Porch.
     How Bobby Joined the Circus.
     How Father Accomplished His Work.
     How Motion Pictures Are Made and Shown.
     How Patrick’s Eyes Were Opened.
     How the Boys Fought the Indians.
     How Washington Crossed the Delaware.
     In His Father’s Steps.
     Incidents of the Durbar, Delhi, India.
     Insurgent Senator.
     Intelligent Camera.
     Is He Eligible?
     Jack and the Beanstalk.
     Jam Closet.
     Jewels.
     Jim’s Wife.
     Kitty’s Hold Up.
     Lazy Bill Hudson.
     Lead Kindly Light.
     Librarian.
     Lighthouse Keeper’s Daughter.
     Little Artist of the Market.
     Little Bride of Heaven.
     Little Delicatessen Store.
     Little Girl Next Door.
     Little Organist.
     Little Woolen Shoe.
     Lord and the Peasant.
     Lost Kitten.
     Lost—Three Hours.
     Lucky Dog.
     Madame De Mode.
     Man in the Making.
     Man Who Made Good.
     Manufacture of Paper, Maine.
     Maple Sugar Industry at Thompson, Pa.
     Marjorie’s Diamond Ring.
     Martin Chuzzlewit.
     Mary Had a Little Lamb.
     Mary in Stage Land.
     Master and Pupil.
     Max and Maurice.
     Mine on the Yukon.
     Mr. Pickwick’s Predicament.
     More Precious Than Gold.
     Mother and Daughters.
     My Double and How He Undid Me.
     National Soldier’s Home, Virginia.
     Necklace of Crushed Rose Leaves.
     Nerves and the Man.
     New Editor.
     New York Poultry, Pigeon and Pet Stock Association.
     New York Street Cleaning.
     Niagara Falls.
     Ninth International Red Cross Conference, Washington, D. C. May
        7th, to 17th, 1912.
     Nurse.
     Olympic Games of the Pittsburg Y.M.C.A.
     One Thousand Miles Through the Rockies.
     Opening of the Y.M.C.A. Island Playground, Lynchburg, 1912.
     ’Ostler Joe.
     Out of the Deep.
     Partners for Life.
     Passer-by.
     Passing of J. B. Randell and Company.
     Passion Flower.
     Patent Housekeeper.
     Pennsylvania State Police, Troop B.
     Personal Affair.
     Personally Conducted.
     Picturesque Darjeeling, India.
     Please Remit.
     Prisoner of War.
     Question of Seconds.
     Relief of Lucknow.
     Rescue, Care and Education of Blind Babies.
     Revenge Is Sweet.
     Romance of the Ice Fields.
     Rowdy and His New Pal.
     St. Johns, Newfoundland, and Its Surroundings.
     Scenes in Delhi, India.
     Shadow on the Blind.
     Simla, India.
     Sketch with the Thumb Print.
     Spanish Cavalier.
     Spring Log Driving.
     Stolen Nickel.
     Stranger and the Taxicab.
     Street Beautiful.
     Sunset Gun.
     Target Practice of Atlantic Fleet, U. S. Navy.
     Ten Days with a Fleet of U. S. Battleships.
     Tenacious Solicitor.
     Their Hero.
     Thirty Days at Hard Labor.
     To Save Her Brother.
     Tommy’s Geography Lesson.
     Tony’s Oath of Vengeance.
     Treasure Island.
     Triangle.
     Two Flats.
     Two Knights in a Barroom.
     U. S. Volunteer Life Saving Corps, New York City.
     Unusual Sacrifice.
     Usurer’s Grip.
     Very Much Engaged.
     Views in Calcutta, India.
     Von Weber’s Last Waltz.
     War on the Mosquito.
     Western Prince Charming.
     Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show.
     When She Was About Sixteen.
     Winnie’s Dance.
     Winter Logging in Maine.
     Winter Visit to Central Park, New York City.
     Wooden Indian.
     Workman’s Lesson.
     Yarn of the Nancy Bell.

 EDISON MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
   1907.
     College Chums.
     Laughing Gas.
     Little Girl Who Did Not Believe in Santa Claus.
     Midnight Ride of Paul Revere.
     Trainer’s Daughter.
   1908.
     Angel Child.
     Animated Snowballs.
     Army of Two.
     Blue and the Gray.
     Boston Tea Party.
     Bridal Couple Dodging Cameras.
     Bridge of Sighs.
     Buying a Title.
     Cocoa Industry, Trinidad, British West Indies.
     Colonial Virginia.
     Comedy in Black and White.
     Country Girl’s Seminary Life and Experiences.
     Cowboy and the Schoolmarm.
     Cupid’s Pranks.
     Curious Mr. Curio.
     Devil.
     Dumb Hero.
     Ex-Convict No. 900.
     Face on the Barroom Floor.
     Fireside Reminiscences.
     Fly Paper.
     Fool for Luck.
     Football Warrior.
     Gentleman Burglar.
     Heard over the Phone.
     Honesty Is the Best Policy.
     Ingomar.
     Jester.
     King’s Pardon.
     Lady or the Tiger.
     Leprechaun.
     Life’s a Game of Cards.
     Little Coxswain of the Varsity Eight.
     Lord Feathertop.
     Lost New Year’s Dinner.
     Love Will Find a Way.
     Lover’s Guide.
     Lover’s Telegraphic Code.
     Merry Widow Waltz Craze.
     Minstrel Mishaps.
     Miss Sherlock Holmes.
     Nellie, the Pretty Typewriter.
     Nero and the Burning of Rome.
     New Stenographer.
     Old Maid’s Temperance Club.
     Painter’s Revenge.
     Persistent Suitor.
     Pioneers Crossing the Plains in ’49.
     Playmates.
     Pocahontas.
     Rescued from an Eagle’s Nest.
     Romance of a War Nurse.
     Sandy McPherson’s Quiet Fishing Trip.
     Saved by Love.
     Sculptor’s Welsh Rabbit Dream.
     She.
     Skinny’s Finish.
     Stage Memories of an Old Theatrical Trunk.
     Street Waif’s Christmas.
     Suburbanite’s Ingenious Alarm.
     Tale the Autumn Leaves Told.
     Tale the Ticker Told.
     Tales the Searchlight Told.
     Ten Pickaninnies.
     Turning Over a New Leaf.
     Unexpected Santa Claus.
     Voice from the Dead.
     When Ruben Comes to Town.
     Wifey’s Strategy.
     Yankee Man-o-Warsman’s Fight for Love.
   1909.
     Absent-Minded Cupid.
     Adventures of an Old Flirt.
     Affair of Art.
     All’s Fair in Love.
     Amateur William Tell.
     Annual Celebration of School Children.
     Apprentice Boys at Newport Naval Training Station.
     Atlanta Automobile Speedway Races.
     Bachelor’s Supper.
     Backward, Turn Backward, O Time, in Your Flight.
     Bill, the Bill Poster.
     Bird in a Gilded Cage.
     Bluebeard.
     Boots He Couldn’t Lose.
     Boyhood Dreams.
     Bride and Groom’s Visit to the Zoological Gardens.
     Bridegroom’s Dilemma.
     Brothers in Arms.
     Burglar Cupid.
     Buying Manhattan.
     Canadian Winter Carnival.
     Cap of Fortune.
     Casey’s Jumping Toothache.
     Caught by the Coupon Craze.
     Child of the Forest.
     Child’s Prayer.
     Closed Sunday.
     Colored Stenographer.
     Comedy and Tragedy.
     Coward.
     Cry from the Wilderness.
     Cup of Tea and She.
     Curfew Bell.
     Dangerous Pair.
     Dash to Death.
     Daughter of the Sun.
     Doctored Dinner Pail.
     Drawing the Color Line.
     Duel in Mid-Air.
     Egyptian Mystery.
     Ethel’s Luncheon.
     Expert Glass Blowing.
     Fallen Idol.
     Far from the Madding Crowd.
     Father’s First Half-Holiday.
     Faust.
     Fenton of the 42nd.
     Fishing Industry at Gloucester, Mass.
     Fox Hunt.
     Furnished Rooms To Let.
     Fuss and Feathers.
     Gift from Santa Claus.
     Great Game.
     Hansel and Gretel.
     Happy Accident.
     Hard To Beat.
     He Wouldn’t Go Under a Ladder.
     Heart of a Clown.
     His Masterpiece.
     Hold-up, Held up.
     House of Cards.
     How the Landlord Collected His Rents.
     How the Tramp Got the Lunch.
     Imp of the Bottle.
     In the Days of Witchcraft.
     Interrupted Joy Ride.
     Janitor’s Bottle.
     Keeper of the Light.
     Knight for a Night.
     Laddie.
     Landlady’s Portrait.
     Left Out.
     Legend of Sterling Keep.
     Lie.
     Little Miss Moffit and Simian Stone.
     Little Shepherd of Tumbling Run.
     Little Sister.
     Lochinvar.
     Lost Handbag.
     Lost Invitation.
     Love and War.
     Love Is Blind.
     Love’s Sacrifice.
     Lunatics in Power.
     McGinty’s Sudden Rise.
     Making of Honey.
     Man with Three Wives.
     Man Without a Country.
     Marie Dressler.
     Mary Jane’s Lovers.
     Midnight Supper.
     Minister’s Daughter.
     Mischievous Elf.
     Missionary and the Maid.
     Modest Young Man.
     Mother Goose.
     Mulligan’s Waterloo.
     My Lord in Livery.
     New Life.
     New Policeman.
     Oh, Rats!
     On the Western Frontier.
     100 Per Cent Jealousy.
     Ordeal.
     Origin of Beethoven’s Moonlight Sonata.
     Other Fellow.
     Pagan and Christian.
     Parted on Their Honeymoon.
     Patience of Miss Job.
     Pony Express.
     Price of a Soul.
     Prince and the Pauper.
     Professor Fix Fixed.
     Road to Love.
     Romance of Old Madrid.
     Rose of the Tenderloin.
     Rural Tragedy.
     Saleslady’s Matinee Idol.
     Sandman.
     Secret of the Locket.
     See a Pin and Pick It Up, All That Day You’ll Have Good Luck.
     Simple Home Dinner.
     Somnambulistic Hero.
     Squeedunk Sherlock Holmes.
     Star of Bethlehem.
     Strolling Players.
     Suffer Little Children ... For Such Is the Kingdom of Labor.
     Taking His Photograph.
     Temptation.
     Their Social Education.
     Then and Now.
     Three Kisses.
     Three Thanksgivings.
     ’Tis Now the Very Witching Time of Night.
     Tobacco Edict, Old New York, 1648.
     Tobacco Mania.
     True Love Never Runs Smoothly.
     Two of a Kind.
     Unappreciated Genius.
     Uncle Tom Wins.
     Under Northern Skies.
     Unsuccessful Substitution.
     Up the Ladder with Tom Bowline.
     Uplifting of Mr. Barker.
     Wallace Jewels.
     Web of Fate.
     What the Cards Foretold.
     Where Is My Wandering Boy Tonight?
     Whitler’s Witless Wandering.
     Whole World Kin.
     Who’s Who.
     Why Girls Leave Home.
     Wife’s Ordeal.
     Winter’s Tale.
     Wonderful Electro-Magnet.
     Wood-Chopper’s Child.
     Worm Will Turn.
     Wright Brothers’ Aeroplane.
   1910.
     Accidents Will Happen.
     Adoption.
     Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland.
     All on Account of a Laundry.
     Almost a Hero.
     Amateur Night.
     Arms and the Woman.
     Ashes.
     Attack on the Mill.
     Bad Man from Riley’s Gulch.
     Bear Hunt in the Rockies.
     Bellringer’s Daughter.
     Big Scoop.
     Bottles’ Baby.
     Boy Scouts of America in Camp at Silver Bay, Lake George, N. Y.
     Bradford’s Claim.
     Breach of Discipline.
     Bumptious As a Fireman.
     Bumptious As an Aviator.
     Bumptious Plays Baseball.
     Bumptious Takes Up Automobiling.
     Captain’s Bride.
     Capture of the Burglar.
     Carminella.
     Carrie De Mar.
     Case of Identity.
     Central American Romance.
     Christmas Carol.
     Chuncho Indians of the Amazon River, Peru.
     Cigarette Maker of Seville.
     Coquette.
     Cowpuncher’s Glove.
     Daughter of the Mines.
     Drowsy Dick, Officer No. 73.
     Eldora, the Fruit Girl.
     Eleventh Hour.
     Engineer’s Romance.
     Equal to the Emergency.
     Equine Hero.
     Family of Vegetarians.
     Farmer’s Daughter.
     Footlights on the Farm.
     For Her Sister’s Sake.
     Fortune’s Fool.
     Frankenstein.
     From the Arctics to the Tropics.
     From Tyranny to Liberty.
     Frontier Hero.
     Fruit Growing, Grand Valley, Colorado.
     Gallegher.
     Georgia Possum Hunt.
     Great Ball Game Between the East and West.
     Great Secret.
     Greater Love.
     Heart of the Rose.
     Her First Appearance.
     His First Valentine.
     His Just Deserts.
     His Mother’s Thanksgiving.
     His New Family.
     History Repeats Itself.
     House of the Seven Gables.
     House on the Hill.
     How Bumptious Papered the Parlor.
     How the Squire Was Captured.
     In the Nick of Time.
     Into the Jaws of Death.
     It Pays To Advertise.
     Japanese Peach Boy.
     Jar of Cranberry Sauce.
     Joke They Played on Bumptious.
     Judgment of the Mighty Deep.
     Key of Life.
     King Cotton.
     Lady and the Burglar.
     Lassie’s Birthday.
     Lazy Farmer Brown.
     Life of a Salmon.
     Little Fiddler.
     Little Station Agent.
     Livingston Case.
     Lost and Regained.
     Love and Marriage in Posterland.
     Love and the Law.
     Love Drops.
     Luck of Roaring Camp.
     Man Under the Bed.
     Man Who Learned.
     Man with the Weak Heart.
     Michael Strogoff.
     ’Mid the Cannon’s Roar.
     Miner and Camille.
     Miniature.
     Mr. Bumptious on Birds.
     More Than His Duty.
     Moths and the Flame.
     Mountain Blizzard.
     Mountain Maid.
     Mule Driver and the Garrulous
     Mute.
     My Milliner’s Bill.
     New York of Today.
     Old Loves and the New.
     Old Silver Mine in Peru.
     Onoko’s Vow.
     Out of the Night.
     Over Mountain Passes.
     Panoramic Railway View from Front of Train.
     Pardners.
     Parson’s Umbrella.
     Peg Woffington.
     Pickaninny and the Pup.
     Piece of Lace.
     Pigs Is Pigs.
     Police Force of New York City.
     President’s Special.
     Princess and the Peasant.
     Queen of the Burlesque.
     Ranson’s Folly.
     Ready in a Minute.
     Red Cross Seal.
     Riders of the Plains.
     Right Decision.
     Romance of Hefty Burke.
     St. George and the Dragon.
     Sandy, the Substitute.
     Sea Waves.
     Senator and the Suffragettes.
     Ship’s Husband.
     Shyness of Shorty.
     Sisters.
     Skipper’s Yarn.
     Song That Reached His Heart.
     Stars and Stripes.
     Stenographer’s Friend.
     Stolen Claim.
     Stolen Father.
     Stuff That Americans Are Made of.
     Suit Case Mystery.
     Surprise Party.
     Swiss Guide.
     Tale of Two Coats.
     That Girl of Dixon’s.
     Through the Clouds.
     Toymaker, the Doll and the Devil.
     Trip over the Rocky and Selkirk Mountains in Canada.
     Trip to Mars.
     Troop B, 15th U. S. Cavalry Bareback Squad in the Monkey Drill at
        Fort Myer, Virginia.
     Unexpected Reward.
     United States Life-Saving Drills.
     U. S. Submarine “Salmon.”
     Unselfish Love.
     Vacation in Havana.
     Valet’s Vindication.
     Victim of Bridge.
     Warrior Bold.
     Wedding Trip from Montreal Through Canada to Hong Kong.
     Western Romance.
     Winning of Miss Langdon.
     Wireless Romance.
     With Bridges Burned.
     Woman’s Strategy.
     Yorkshire School.
   1911.
     Black Bordered Letter.
     Bumptious As Romeo.
     Doctor.
     Eventful Evening.
     Fire Department of New York City.
     Gardener’s Ladder.
     Her First Commission.
     Home of the Seal.
     In the Days of Chivalry.
     Iron Master.
     Link That Held.
     Lover and the Count.
     Mike the Miser.
     Mr. Bumptious, Detective.
     Price of Victory.
     Rajah.
     Ransom of Red Chief.
     Rival Candidates.
     Rival Sculptors.
     Selling Old Master.
     Sleep, Gentle Sleep.
     Stage Romance.
     Test of Friendship.
     Try Out.
     Two Valentines.
     Uncle’s Birthday Gift.
     Western Night.
     With Interest to Date.
     Writing on the Blotter.

 ENGADINE AMUSEMENT COMPANY.
   1912.
     Queen Elizabeth.

 ESSANAY FILM MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
   1910.
     Hank and Lank.
   1911.
     Goodfellow’s Christmas Eve, A-H.

 EUREKA FEATURE FILM COMPANY.
   1912.
     Evil Art.


                                   F

 FEATURE FILMS SALES COMPANY, LTD.
   1912.
     Carmen.

 FRENCH-AMERICAN FILM COMPANY.
   1912.
     Dame Aux Camelias.
     Mme. Sans-Gene.


                                   G

 GAUMONT (L.) AND COMPANY.
   1904.
     How To Disperse the Crowd.
     Pierrot, Murderer.

 GAUMONT COMPANY.
   1912.
     Eyes That Saw.


                                   H

 HARBECK, WILLIAM H.
   1911.
     Round-Up, Pendleton, Oregon.
   1912.
     Panoramic Views of Alaska in Animated Maps.


                                   I

 IMP FILMS COMPANY.
   1912.
     After Many Years.
     All a Mistake.
     All for Her.
     Art Of Making Silver Plate.
     Beat at His Own Game.
     Bradhurst Field Club 4 Mile Run.
     Breach of Promise.
     Breakdown.
     Broken Lease.
     Brown Moves to Town.
     Building the Greatest Dam in the World.
     Call of the Drum.
     Cave Man’s Wooing.
     Change of Stripes.
     Chef’s Downfall.
     Classical Dances by Countess de Swirsky.
     Clown’s Triumphs.
     Cotton Industry.
     Day on a Buffalo Ranch.
     Deserted Shaft.
     Dove and the Serpent.
     English Stag Hunt.
     False to Both.
     Far from the Beaten Track.
     Flag of Distress.
     Helping Hand.
     Henpecked Ike.
     Home Strike Breakers.
     How She Married.
     I Wish I Had a Girl.
     Ice Boating on Shrewsbury River.
     Immigrant’s Violin.
     Jim’s Atonement.
     John Smith, Barber.
     Kid and the Sleuth.
     Lady Audley’s Secret.
     Land of Promise.
     Leap for Love.
     Let Willie Do It.
     Lie.
     Loan Shark.
     Lonesome Miss Wiggs.
     Lure of the Picture.
     Maid’s Stratagem.
     Man from the West.
     Melodrama of Yesterday.
     Millionaire for a Day.
     Modern Highwayman.
     O’Brien’s Busy Day.
     On the Shore.
     Our Baby.
     Percy Learns To Dance.
     Peril.
     Piece of Ambergris.
     Power of Conscience.
     Race in Savannah.
     Reflections from the Firelight.
     Rescued by Wireless.
     Rhoda Royal’s Trained Horses.
     Right Clue.
     Romance of an Old Maid.
     Rose of California.
     Scenic Yellowstone Park.
     Section Foreman.
     Shamus O’Brien.
     Squnk City Fire Co.
     Staff of Age.
     Tables Turned.
     Tankville Constable.
     Tea Industry.
     Tempted But True.
     Thirst for Gold.
     Through the Flames.
     Timely Repentance.
     U. S. Artillery Manoeuvers.
     U. S. Cavalry Horses.
     Up Against It.
     Views of Los Angeles.
     Where Paths Meet.
     Who Wears Them?
     Worth of a Man.

 INDEPENDENT MOVING PICTURE COMPANY.
   1911.
     Aggressor.
     As a Boy Dreams.
     Battle of the Wills.
     Behind the Times.
     Better Way.
     Bi-Centennial Celebration at Mobile.
     Bicycle Bug’s Dream.
     Bill Taft.
     Billy Seance.
     Biting Business.
     Boy’s Best Friend.
     Breaking the Seventh Commandment.
     Broke.
     Brothers.
     Bungalow Burglars.
     By Registered Mail.
     By the House That Jack Built.
     Call of the Song.
     Charlestown Hurricane and Flood.
     Chasms.
     Chinese Cruiser “Hai Chi.”
     Co-Ed Professor.
     Dorothy’s Family.
     Dumb Messenger.
     Duty.
     Executive Clemency.
     Falling Out.
     Few Minutes with Steeplejack Lindholm.
     From the Bottom of the Sea.
     Girl and the Half Back.
     Haunted House.
     Her Birthday.
     His Dress Shirt.
     His Royal Highness.
     Interscholastic Run.
     Just for Her.
     King, the Detective.
     Last of the G. A. R. Parade at Rochester.
     Lessons to Husbands.
     Lineman.
     Little Leader.
     Little Stocking.
     Love in a Tepee.
     Love Is Best.
     Niagara Falls.
     Old Class Reunion.
     Old Peddler.
     Over the Hills.
     Pair of Gloves.
     Percy the Masher.
     Professor.
     Quarter After Two.
     Sentinel Asleep.
     Skating Bug.
     Story of the Rose.
     Through the Air.
     Through the Dells of Wisconsin.
     Tony and the Stork.
     Toss of a Coin.
     ’Tween Two Loves.
     Uncle Pete’s Ruse.
     Uncle’s Visit.
     Views of Hot Springs, Ark.
     Waif.
     Waiting at the Church.
     Why the Check Was Good.
     Wife’s Awakening.
   1912.
     Back to His Own Home Town.
     His New Wife.
     In the Northern Woods.
     Playing the Game.
     Trinity.
     Winning Miss.

 INTERNATIONAL FILM COMPANY.
   1896.
     Old Pier and Waves.
     Street Parade.
     West Point Cadet Cavalry Charge.
     West Point Cadet Cavalry Drill.


                                   J

 J AND J COMPANY.
   1910.
     Jeffries-Johnson World’s Championship Boxing Contest, Held at Reno,
        Nevada, July 4, 1910.

 JOHNSON FLYNN FEATURE FILM COMPANY.
   1912.
     Jack Johnson and Jim Flynn Up-to-Date.

 JONES, CHARLES J.
   1905.
     Buffalo Bull Fight.
   1906.
     Elk.
     Lion Hunt.
     Whipping Bear.


                                   K

 KALEM COMPANY.
   1912.
     Jesus of Nazareth.

 KANAWHA FILM COMPANY.
   1911.
     World’s Championship Bull Fight.

 KEARTON (CHERRY) LTD.
   1910.
     Roosevelt in Africa.

 KITSEE, ISIDOR.
   1912.
     Multiple Applause.
     Single Applause.

 KLEINSCHMIDT AND LANE.
   1912.
     Carnegie Museum Expedition, 1911.


                                   L

 LAEMMLE, CARL.
   1912.
     Paul J. Rainey’s African Hunt.

 LUBIN, SIEGMUND.
   1897.
     Unveiling of the Washington Monument.
   1899.
     American Soldiers Defeating Filipinos Near Manilla [i.e. Manila].
     Battle Flag of the 10th Penna. Vols. Carried in the Philippines.
     Battle of San Juan.
     Haunted House.
     Reproduction of the Corbett and Jeffries Fight.
     Reproduction of the FitzSimmons-Jeffries Fight in Eleven Rounds
        Showing the Knock Out.
     Reproduction of the Jeffries and Corbett Fight.
     Reproduction of the Jeffries and Ruhlin Fight.
     Reproduction of the Jeffries and Sharkey Fight.
     Reproduction of the Kid McCoy and Peter Maher Fight.
     Reproduction of the Pedlar Palmer and Terry McGovern Fight.
     Reproduction of the Peter Maher and Kid McCoy Fight.
     Reproduction of the Ruhlin and Jeffries Fight.
     Reproduction of the Sharkey and Jeffries Fight.
     Reproduction of the Terry McGovern and Pedlar Palmer Fight.
     Trial of Captain Dreyfuss at Rennes, France.
     Trip to the Moon.
     Why Krausmyer Can’t Sleep.
     Wonder, Ching Ling Foo.
   1900.
     Life Motion Photographs of the FitzSimmons and Ruhlin Fight.
     Reproduction of the Corbett and McCoy Fight.
     Reproduction of the FitzSimmons and Sharkey Fight.
     Reproduction of the Jeffries and Corbett Fight.
     Reproduction of the McGovern and Dixon Fight.
     Reproduction of the Olsen and Roeber Wrestling Match.
     Reproduction of the Sharkey and FitzSimmons Fight.
     Sapho.
   1901.
     Affair of Honor.
     Cook’s Revenge.
     Esquimaux Village.
     Evolution of Man—an Educated Chimpanzee.
     Extension Wardrobe.
     Fun in a Chinese Laundry.
     Good Joke.
     Lubin’s Animated Drop-Curtain Announcing Slides.
     Mine Explosion and What Followed.
     Mrs. Nation & Her Hatchet Brigade.
     Ostrich Farm.
     Panorama of a Philippine Village.
     Photographer’s Mishap.
     Tramp’s Nap Interrupted.
     Twelve in a Barrel.
     Two Rubes at the Theatre.
     Who Said Chicken?
   1903.
     Babes in the Wood.
     Beauty and the Beast.
     Dear Old Stars and Stripes, Goodbye.
     Every Day Is Sunshine When the Heart Beats True.
     Goody, Goody Two Shoes.
     Gulliver’s Travels.
     Hickery, Dickery Dock.
     In the Kingdom of Fairyland.
     Jack and Jill.
     Jack and the Beanstalk.
     Little Miss Muffet.
     Little Snowdrop.
     Little Tom Thumb.
     Mary Had a Little Lamb.
     Old Mother Hubbard.
     Old Woman Who Lived in a Shoe.
     Only a Soldier Boy.
     Outcast and the Bride.
     Puss in Boots.
     Reynard the Fox.
     Rip Van Winkle.
     Robinson Crusoe.
     Sleeping Beauty.
     Snow White.
     Swiss Family Robinson.
     Ten Nights in a Barroom.
     Three Bears.
     Three Little Pigs.
     Tom, Tom, the Piper’s Son.
     Trick Magic Lantern.
     Trip to Mars.
     Uncle Tom’s Cabin.
     Valentine and Orson.
     Who Killed Cock Robin?
   1904.
     Condemnation of Faust.
     Gambler’s Life and End.
     Great Train Robbery.
     Kidnapped Child.
     Life of an American Soldier.
     Lost Child.
     Meet Me at the Fountain.
     New Version of “Personal.”
     Sign of the Cross.
     Stage Struck.
   1905.
     Counterfeiters.
     Dog Lost, Strayed or Stolen, $25.00 Reward. Apply to Mrs. Brown,
        711 Park Ave.
     Evolution of the Japanese.
     Fake Blind Man.
     Fire in New York’s Bowery.
     Fun on the Farm.
     Highway Robbery.
     Impersonation of Britt-Nelson Fight.
     Impersonation of the FitzSimmons-O’Brien Fight.
     Meet Me Down at Luna, Lena.
     Photographed for the Rogue’s Gallery.
     Pirates.
     Policeman’s Pall [sic].
     Shipwreck on High Sea.
     Sins and Sorrows of a Great City.
     Sweet Kiss.
     Through the Matrimonial Agency.
     Tramp’s Revenge.
     Why the Cook Was Not Fired.
   1906.
     Bank Defaulter.
     Clown’s Adventures.
     Great Mail Robbery.
     Impersonation of Gans-Nelson Fight.
     Lost Hat: He Got It Alright (All Right).
     Nelson-McGovern Fight.
     Night Off.
     Reproduction of Nelson-Gans Fight.
     Rescued by Carlo.
     River Pirates.
     San Francisco Disaster.
     Snake Hunting.
     Thrilling Detective Story.
     Trading Stamp Craze.
     Two Seedy Rubes: They Have a Hot Time in the Old Town.
     Wanted—a Husband.
     Wishbone.
     Wreckers of the Limited Express.
   1907.
     Actor Annoys the Boarders.
     Amateur Champion.
     And the Dog Came Back.
     Animated Dummy.
     Bargain Sales.
     Baxter’s Brain Storm.
     Blacksmith’s Daughter.
     Bogus Lord.
     Breeze from the West.
     Capital Joke, But Why Didn’t He Laugh?
     Caught with the Goods.
     Cleptomaniac [i.e., Kleptomaniac].
     Easy Money.
     Elk’s Parade.
     Enchanted Mattress.
     Family Outing.
     First Quarrel.
     Fortune Teller.
     Foundling.
     Gay Old Boy.
     Gypsy’s Revenge.
     How Jones Saw the Baseball Game.
     How the Masher Was Punished.
     If Wm. Penn Came to Life.
     Indian’s Friendship.
     Inquisitive Girl.
     Interrupted Outing.
     Jamestown Naval Review.
     Jimmie, the Messenger Boy.
     John D. and the Reporter.
     Just Married.
     Kohn’s Bad Luck.
     Life of an Oyster.
     Lucky Jim.
     Making of a Modern Newspaper.
     Miraculous Eggs.
     Misunderstanding.
     Moses Sells a Collar Button.
     Mother’s Dream.
     Neighbors Who Borrow.
     Nervy Jim and the Cop.
     New Apprentice.
     New Arrival.
     Night at the Gayety.
     Oh Me, Oh My.
     Only Kids.
     Parson of Henry Gulch.
     Pay Train Robbery.
     Philadelphia New Year Shooters.
     Ringmaster’s Wife.
     Roasted Chestnuts.
     Scheme That Failed.
     Sleepy Cop.
     Smuggled into America.
     Through Darkness to Light.
     Too Much Mother-in-Law.
     Unwritten Law: a Thrilling Drama Based on the Thaw-White Case.
     Wanted: A Husband.
     When Women Vote.
     Who’s Boss of the House?
     Winter Day in the Country.
   1908.
     Acrobatic Pills.
     Adventures of Mr. Troubles.
     All on Account of a Butterfly.
     Amateur Hypnotist.
     And a Little Child Shall Lead Them.
     Animated Dummy.
     Artist’s Model Wanted.
     Aunt Emmy’s Scrap Book.
     Auntie Takes the Children to the Country.
     Automatic Laundry.
     Bachelor’s Wedding Bells.
     Bank Messenger.
     Beg Pardon.
     Bitter Lesson.
     Blind Boy.
     Bloodstone.
     Bride’s Dream.
     Broken Heart.
     Burglar’s Ball.
     Burglar’s Child.
     Button, Button, Where Is the Button?
     Captain Molly.
     Cause of All the Trouble.
     Charley’s Ma-in-Law.
     Circus Boy.
     Clown.
     Cotton Industry of the South.
     Count of No Account.
     Country Girl in Philadelphia.
     Criminal’s Daughter.
     Cross Road.
     Crushed Tragedian.
     Curse of Gold.
     Dancing Fiend.
     Dick’s Sister.
     Do It Now.
     Dr. Curem’s Patients.
     Drink Cure.
     Driven from Home.
     Engineer.
     Face at the Window.
     Faithful Wife.
     Fake Windstorm.
     Falsely Accused.
     Fatal Card.
     Fatal Likeness.
     Fatal Temptation.
     Female Fire Department.
     Fighting Parson.
     Fluffy Ruffles.
     Fool and His Money.
     For His Sister’s Sin.
     Forged Will.
     Forgotten Watch.
     Gallant Knight.
     Girl Across the Way.
     Goebel Tragedy.
     Gondolier’s Daughter.
     Great Jewel Robbery.
     Hand of Fate.
     Harlem Flats.
     Hat of Fortune.
     Have You Seen My Wife?
     Heating Power.
     Hebrew Fugitive.
     Held for Ransom.
     His Week’s Wages.
     Historical Parade.
     Hobo’s Dream.
     Hobo’s Revenge.
     House of Terror.
     House on the Bridge.
     How a Pretty Girl Sold Her Hair Restorer.
     How Happy Jack Got a Meal.
     How Rastus Got His Pork Chops.
     Hubby’s Vacation.
     I Rather Two Step Than Waltz.
     Impossibilities.
     In the Nick of Time.
     Industrial Parade.
     It Happened at Midnight.
     It’s Never Too Late To Mend.
     Julius Caesar.
     Key Under the Mat.
     King’s Diamond.
     Lady Barbers.
     Last Call.
     Leo’s Air Rifle.
     Light at the Window.
     Lighthouse Keeper’s Daughter.
     Little Bread Winners.
     Little Coward.
     Little Easter Fairy.
     Little Rag Doll.
     Love Germs.
     Love Me, Love My Dog.
     Love’s Sweet Melody.
     Lucky Horseshoe.
     Lunch Time.
     Madame Flirt’s Manicure Parlor.
     Magnetic Eye.
     Magnetic Vapor.
     Make Yourself at Home.
     Masqueraders.
     Meet Me at the Station.
     Mephisto’s Affinity.
     Merry Widow Hat.
     Midnight Express.
     Military Parade, Founders Week Celebration, Philadelphia.
     Miner’s Daughter.
     Mountaineer.
     Mountaineer’s Revenge.
     Mysterious Phonograph.
     Naval Parade.
     Nearsighted Professor.
     Neighborly Neighbors.
     New Breakfast Food.
     New Maid.
     New Mirror.
     New Way To Pay Debts.
     New Year.
     New Year’s Gift.
     Newsboy.
     No Children Wanted.
     Oh, My Feet.
     Old Maid’s Dream.
     Old Maid’s Parrot.
     On the Stroke of Twelve.
     Our Own Little Flat.
     Outwitted by His Wife.
     Pair of Spectacles.
     Parent’s Devotion.
     Pawnbroker.
     Persistency Wins.
     Persistent Actor.
     Persistent Trombonist.
     Philadelphia, the Cradle of Liberty.
     Pipe Dreams.
     Policeman for an Hour.
     Presidential Candidates 1909.
     Press Gang.
     Pursuit of a Suit.
     Rain-Dear.
     Rainmaker.
     Redeemed from Sin.
     Reproduction of Burns-Palmer Fight, London (England). February
        10th, 1908.
     Restored by Repentence.
     Rivals for a Week.
     Robbery of the Citizens’ Bank.
     Robbie’s Pet Rat.
     Romance of a Gypsy Camp.
     Romance of the Fur Country.
     Rube Goes to College.
     Salome and the Devil To Pay.
     Saloon Dance.
     Saucy Sue.
     Scenes from the Battlefield of Gettysburg, the Waterloo of the
        Confederacy.
     Secret.
     See the Paint.
     Sexton of Longwyn.
     Sheath Gown.
     Snowbird.
     Something on His Mind.
     Southern Romance of Slavery Days.
     Stolen Flask.
     Stop That Alarm.
     Student’s Prank.
     Suicidal Poet.
     Tale of a Pig.
     Ten Minutes with Shakespeare.
     Ticklish Man.
     Tracked by a Woman.
     Tribulations of a Photographer.
     Troubles of a Stranded Actor.
     Troubles of Too Ardent Admirers.
     Two Brothers of the G. A. R.
     Two Little Dogs.
     Two Little Shoes.
     Two Orphans of the G. A. R.
     Two Sides of the Wall.
     Unlucky Horseshoe.
     Wanted—a Military Man.
     Washerwoman’s Revenge.
     Way They Fooled Dad.
     Weary Willie’s Revenge.
     Western Romance in the Days of ’49.
     When Lips Are Sealed.
     When Ma Goes Shopping.
     When Our Ship Comes in.
     Which Was the Happiest Time in Your Life?
     White Chief.
     Who Stole Jones’ Wood.
     Why He Signed the Pledge.
     Willie’s Party.
     Woman of 1776.
     Woman Who Gambles.
     Wrong Burglar.
     Wrong Grip.
     Wrong Overcoat.
     Yiddisher Boy.
   1909.
     Blind Musician.
     Carnival of Venice.
     Day of the Dog.
     Dime Novel Detective.
     Game of Chess.
     I’ll Only Marry a Sport.
     In the Land of Upsidedown.
     Master of the Black Rock.
     New Governess.
     New Old Master.
     No. 5874.
     Pass Key.
     Photograph Habit.
     Reforming a Husband.
     Satan’s Fan.
     Silver Dollar.
     Stow away.
     Suit Case.
     Talked to Death.
     Taxidermist’s Dream.
     Uncle Reuben’s Courtship.
     Willie’s Water Sprinkler.

 LUBIN MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
   1909.
     A B C’s of the U. S. A.
     After the Bachelors’ Ball.
     Are You the Man?
     At the Dentist.
     At the Weser (Song).
     Awakening of Mr. Coon.
     Bake That Chicken Pie.
     Believe Me.
     Blank Check.
     Boys Will Be Boys.
     Brain-Serum.
     Bride Won by Bravery.
     Buy Matches, Please.
     Call of the Heart.
     Children of the Sea.
     Conjuror’s Outing.
     Conquering Hero.
     Coon Town Parade.
     Cork Leg Legacy.
     Curing a Jealous Husband.
     Curse of Gold.
     Doctor’s Bride.
     Driven from Home.
     Drunkard’s Child.
     Duet from Martha (Flotow).
     Escaped Melody.
     Faded Flowers.
     Falling Arrow.
     Fatal Flirtation.
     Father’s Glue.
     Fighting Cigar.
     Flossie’s New Peach-Basket Hat.
     Forecastle Tom.
     Glimpses of Yellowstone Park.
     Golden Lie.
     Great Wrong Righted.
     Guarding Angel.
     Haunted Hat.
     Help! Police!
     Her Face Was Her Fortune.
     Hiring a Girl.
     His Little Girl.
     House That Jack Built.
     How Brown Got Married.
     Hungry Actor.
     Hypnotic Cure.
     Innocent Bystander.
     Inventions of an Idiot.
     It Might Have Been Worse.
     Just Reward.
     Katrina’s Valentine.
     Life for a Life.
     Lost Heir.
     Mad Dog.
     Mamma’s Angel Child.
     Measure for Measure.
     Mennett [i.e., Menuett] (Mozart).
     Mexican Bill.
     Midnight Sons.
     Mill Girl.
     Mr. Inquisitive.
     Montebank [sic].
     My Friend, Mr. Dummy.
     My Friend, the Indian.
     Nearsighted Mary.
     Newest Woman.
     Officer McCue.
     Old Army Chest.
     Old Hall Clock.
     Old Man’s Bride.
     Original Cohens.
     Our Country in Arms.
     Pagliacci (Leoncavallo).
     Peaches and Cream.
     Persistent Jane.
     Puzzle-Mad.
     Queen of the Ranch.
     Right To Labor.
     Romance of Engine 999.
     Roommates.
     School for Lovemaking.
     She Would Be an Actress.
     Sideboard Folding Bed.
     Slip Powder.
     Smile, Smile, Smile.
     Smuggler’s Daughter.
     Sporting Blood.
     There Never Was a Girl Like You.
     Thirteenth at the Table.
     Through Darkness to Light.
     Through Jealousy.
     Through Shadow to Sunshine.
     Torero Song “Carmen” (Bizet).
     Trovatore (Verdi).
     True Patriot.
     Two Cousins.
     Under the Steam Hammer.
     Unexpected Guest.
     When the Flag Falls.
     Why the Mail Was Late.
     Wifey Away, Hubby at Play.
     Woman Hater.
     You’ve Got To Love Me a Lot.


                                   M

 MACFEE, EDWARD DANIEL, Jr.
   1909.
     American Fleet in Hampton Roads, 1909, After Girdling the Globe.

 MASKO FILM COMPANY.
   1912.
     Resurrection.

 MELIES [G.] INC.
   1912.
     True ’Till Death.

 MELIES, GEORGE.
   1903.
     Apparition.
     Ballet Master’s Dream.
     Bob Kick, l’Enfant Terrible.
     Bob Kick, the Mischievous Kid.
     Chauldron [i.e., Chaudron] Infernal.
     Damnation of Faust.
     10 Femmes dans un Parapluie.
     Drawing Lesson.
     Enchanted Well.
     Enchanteur Alcrofrisbas.
     Extraordinary Illusions.
     Fairyland.
     Faust aux Enfers.
     Illusions Fantasmagoriques.
     Infernal Caldron.
     Inn Where No Man Rests.
     Jack and Jim.
     Jack Jaggs & Dum Dum.
     Jacques et Jim.
     Jupiter’s Thunder-Bolts.
     Lanterne Magique.
     Magic Lantern.
     Master Magician Alcrofrisbas.
     Melomaniac.
     Monster.
     Mystical Flame.
     Oracle of Delphi.
     Rêve d’un Maitre de Ballet.
     Revenant.
     Spiritualist Photographer.
     10 Ladies in an Umbrella.
     Tom Tight et Dum-Dum.
     Tonnerre de Jupiter.
     Witch’s Revenge.
   1904.
     Animated Costumes.
     Apparitions Fugitives.
     Astonishing Frame.
     Au Clair de la Lune.
     Barber of Sevilla.
     Christmas Angel.
     Clock Maker’s Dream.
     Cook in Trouble.
     Faust et Marguerite.
     Firefall.
     Fugitive Apparitions.
     Grotto of Surprises.
     Imperceptible Transmutations.
     Impossible Voyage.
     Mermaid.
     Moonlight Serenade.
     Prêté pour un Rendu.
     Rêve de L’Horloger.
     Roi du Maquillage.
     Simple Simon’s Surprise Party.
     Sirene.
     Sorcellerie Culinaire.
     Terrible Bourreau Turc.
     Terrible Turkish Executioner.
     Tit for Tat.
     Untamable Whiskers.
     Vanishing Lady.
     Wandering Jew.
     Wedding by Correspondence.
     Wonderful Rose Tree.
   1905.
     Angler’s Nightmare.
     Automobile Chase.
     Black Imp.
     Chloroform Fiends.
     Crazy Composer.
     Crystal Casket.
     Enchanted Sedan-Chair.
     King of Sharpshooters.
     Life Saving Up-to-Date.
     Lilliputian Minuet.
     Living Playing Cards.
     Mr. Dauber & the Mystifying Picture.
     Palace of the Arabian Nights.
     Rip.
     Scheming Gambler’s Paradise.
     Stop Thief!
     Tower of London.
     Ulysses and Giant Polyphemus.
     Unexpected Fireworks.
     Venetian Looking-Glass.
   1906.
     Chimney Sweep.
     Desperate Crime.
     Flirting by the Sea Side.
     Hilarious Posters.
     Maestro Do-Mi-Sol-Do.
     Merry Frolics of Satan.
     Mix-Up in the Gallery.
     Mysterious Retort.
     Olden and New Style Conjuring.
     Road Side Inn.
     Soap Bubbles.
     Spiritualistic Meeting.
     Tramp and the Mattress-maker.
     Who Looks, Pays.
     Witch.
   1907.
     Angelic Servant.
     Bakers in Trouble.
     Bewildering Cabinet.
     Chopin’s Funeral March.
     Delirium in a Studio.
     Drink!
     Eclipse.
     Forester Made King.
     Good Glue Sticks.
     Hamlet.
     How Bridget’s Lover Escaped.
     Mischievous Sketch.
     New Death Penalty.
     Robert Macaire and Bertrand Behind the Scene.
     Rogues’ Tricks.
     Satan in Prison.
     Seek and You Shall Find.
     Shakespeare.
     Sightseeing.
     Skipping Cheese.
     Story of Eggs.
     Tunneling the Channel.
     Under the Seas.
   1908.
     At the Hotel Mix-Up.
     Broken Violin.
     Buncoed Stage Johnnie.
     Catholic Centennial Celebration.
     Curiosity Punished.
     Dream of an Opium Fiend.
     Fake Diamond Swindler.
     Forester’s Remedy.
     French Cops Learning English.
     Fun with the Bridal Party.
     Genii of Fire.
     Good Luck of a Souse.
     Grandmother’s Story.
     Helping Hand.
     Honeymoon in a Balloon.
     Humanity Through Ages.
     Hunting the Teddy Bear.
     In the Barber Shop.
     In the Bogie Man’s Cave.
     Incident from Don Quixote.
     Indian Sorcerer.
     Justinian’s Human Torches.
     King and the Jester.
     Knight of Black Art.
     Little Peacemaker.
     Lively Pranks with a Fake Python.
     Long Distance Wireless Photography.
     Love and Molasses.
     Love Tragedy in Spain.
     Lover’s Hazing.
     Magic of Catchy Songs.
     Mischances of a Photographer.
     Miser.
     Mishaps of the New York-Paris Race.
     Mistaken Identity.
     Mystery of the Garrison.
     Night with Masqueraders in Paris.
     No Trifling with Love.
     Not Guilty.
     Old Footlight Favorite.
     Oriental Black Art.
     Pageant, Dedication, Festival.
     Prophetess of Thebes.
     Rude Awakening.
     Sideshow Wrestlers.
     Tricky Painter’s Fate.
     Two Crazy Bugs.
     Two Talented Vagabonds.
     Up-to-Date Clothes Cleaning.
     Why That Actor Was Late.
     Woes of Roller Skaters.
     Wonderful Charm.
   1909.
     Cinderella Up-to-date.
     Count’s Wooing.
     Fatal Ball.
     For Sale—a Baby.
     For the Cause of Suffrage.
     Fortune Favors the Brave.
     Hypnotist’s Revenge.
     Living Doll.
     Mrs. & Mr. Duff.
     Red Star Inn.
     Stolen Wireless.
     Tumultuous Elopement.

 MILES BROTHERS.
   1905.
     Nelson-Britt Prize Fight.
     Nelson-Britt Prize Fight for Lightweight Championship, San
        Francisco, September 9th, 1905.
     No Bill Peddlers Allowed.
   1906.
     Gans-Nelson Contest, Goldfield, Nevada, September 3rd, 1906.
     Head-on Collision at Brighton Beach Race Track, July 4th, 1906.
     O’Brien-Burns Contest, Los Angeles, Cal., Nov. 26th, 1906.
     Trip Down Mount Tamalpais.
   1907.
     International Contest for the Heavyweight Championship: Squires vs.
        Burns, Ocean View, Cal., July 4th, 1907.
     Jim Jeffries on His California Ranch.
     Panorama, Crowds at Squires-Burns International Contest, from
        Center of Ring, Colma, July 4th, 1907.
     Panorama, Crowds at Squires-Burns International Contest, from
        Moving Picture Stand, Colma, July 4th, 1907.
     Shriners’ Conclave at Los Angeles, Cal., May, 1907.
     Squires, Australian Champion, in His Training Quarters.

 MONOPOL FILM COMPANY.
   1911.
     Dante’s Inferno.
     Homer’s Odyssey.


                                   N

 NATIONAL FILM DISTRIBUTING COMPANY.
   1912.
     Dante’s Progress and Experiences Through Paradise.
     Dante’s Progress and Experiences Through Purgatory.
     Paradise.
     Purgatory.

 NEW YORK MOTION PICTURE COMPANY.
   1912.
     Battle of the Red Men.
     Blazing the Trail.
     Cell No. 13.
     Deserter.
     Double Life.
     His Nemesis.
     Indian Massacre.
     Last Resource.
     Lieutenant’s Last Fight.
     Mysteries of Soul.
     Snowball and His Pal.
     War on the Plains.

 NEW YORK MOTION PICTURE COMPANY, INC.
   1912.
     Crisis.
     Outcast.
     Post Telegrapher.

 NORDISK FILMS COMPANY.
   1912.
     Flying Circus.


                                   O

 OES, INGVALD C.
   1911.
     Aviator and the Journalist’s Wife.
     Ballet Dancer.
     Dead Man’s Child.
     Girl Behind the Counter.
     In the Hands of Imposters.
     King’s Power.
     Lady Mary’s Love.
     Misguided Love.
     Temptations of a Large City.
     Victim of the Mormons.
   1912.
     Aeroplane Inventor.
     Aviator’s Generosity.
     Black Chancellor.
     Call of a Woman.
     Convicts No. 10 and No. 13.
     Dangerous Play.
     Desdemona.
     Fatal Lie.
     Fire of Life.
     Fisherman and His Sweetheart.
     Homeless.
     Little Railroad Queen.
     Love and Friendship.
     Love in the Tropics.
     Midsummer-Tide.
     Power of Love.
     Rights of Youth.
     Through Trials to Victory.
     Two Convicts.
     Vampire Dancer.
     Vengeance.
     When Passion Blinds Honesty.

 OKLAHOMA NATURAL MUTOSCENE COMPANY.
   1908.
     Bank Robbery.
     Round-Up in Oklahoma.
     Wolf Hunt.

 ORIENTAL FILM COMPANY.
   1912.
     Chinese Revolution.


                                   P

 PALEY AND STEINER.
   1904.
     Avenging a Crime.
     End of Camera Fiend.
     Interrupted Flirtation.
     Jolly Lawn Party.
     Just Like a Girl.
     Mischievous Boys.
     Pumpkin Eater.
     That Poor Insurance Man.
     Tramp on a Farm.
     Trials and Troubles of an Automobilist.
     Two Is Company, Three a Crowd.
     Willie’s Vacation.
   1905.
     Around New York in 15 Minutes.
     Bigamist.
     Bridget’s Troubles.
     Burlesque Tramp Burglars.
     Fisherman, Eels or Snakes.
     He Got His Hat.
     How Mr. Butt-in Benefits by Chauncey’s Mishaps.
     How She Loves Him.
     Jack and Jill.
     Life of the New York Policeman.
     Lucky Wishbone.
     Non-Union Bill-Poster.
     Paperhanger in Trouble.
     Three Jolly Dutchmen.
     Tramp and Dump Cart.
     Travels of a Lost Trunk.
     Two Strenuous Rubes.

 POLYPHOS ELEKTRIZITÄTS GESELLSCHAFT M. B. H.
   1910.
     Kinematographic X-Ray Picture of a Human Stomach During Digestion,
        Taken During One Inspiration.

 POWERS, P. A.
   1912.
     Price She Paid.
     St. George and the Dragon.

 PRIEUR, R.
   1912.
     Queen of Criminals.


                                   R

 RAISING THE MAINE FILM COMPANY.
   1911.
     Mystery of the Maine.
   1912.
     Floating of the Battleship Maine.


                                   S

 SELIG, WILLIAM N.
   1903.
     Light Heavyweight Championship Contest Between Root and Gardner.
     Pres. Roosevelt at the Dedication Ceremonies, St. Louis Exposition.
   1904.
     Attack on Port Arthur.
     Battle off Chemulpo.
     Torpedo Attack on Port Arthur.
   1907.
     Bandit King.
     Girl from Montana.
     His First Ride.
     Masher.
     Mishaps of a Baby Carriage.
     One of the Finest.
     Onion Fiend.
     Roller Skate Craze.
     Southern Romance.

 SELIG POLYSCOPE COMPANY.
   1907.
     Book Worm.
     Western Justice.
   1909.
     Leopard Queen.
   1912.
     Coming of Columbus.

 SOCIETA ANONIMA AMBROSIO.
   1912.
     Last Lesson.
     Last of the Frontignacs.

 SOCIETE FRANCAISE DES FILMS ET CINEMATOGRAPHES ECLAIR.
   1912.
     Auto Bandits of Paris.
     Convicted by Hypnotism.
     Fatality.
     Mystery of the Bridge of Notre Dame.
     Outcast Child.
     Power of Destruction.
     Rip Van Winkle.
     Robin Hood.
     Tom Butler’s Mysterious Adventures.

 SPECIAL FEATURE FILM COMPANY.
   1911.
     Beulah Binford’s Own Story.

 STROUD, W. J.
   1912.
     Bunch of Four Thousand Elk.
     Bunch of One Thousand Elk.
     Hunting Down a Wild Cat with Hounds.

 SWAIN, WILLIAM N.
   1912.
     International Automobile Races, Indianapolis.


                                   U

 UNIVERSAL FILM MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
   1912.
     Adrift.
     Big-Hearted Jim.
     Blood Is Thicker Than Water.
     Bull Fight in Nueva.
     Case of Dynamite.
     Caught in a Flash.
     Child’s Influence.
     Clownland.
     Cure That Failed.
     Dividing Line.
     Fanchon the Cricket.
     Heart of a Gypsy.
     Hindu’s Prize.
     His Madonna.
     His Message.
     His Other Self.
     His Partner’s Share.
     His Punishment.
     Holy City.
     How Shorty Won Out.
     In and Around Chicago.
     In Old Tennessee.
     In the Sewing.
     Let No Man Put Asunder.
     Love’s Diary.
     Making U. S. Currency.
     Memories of a Pioneer.
     Not Like Other Girls.
     Nothing Shall Be Hidden.
     Portugee Joe.
     Presidential Possibilities.
     Reunited by the Sea.
     Rose Carnival.
     Shot That Failed.
     Shriner’s Parade.
     Soldier’s Honor.
     Traitor’s Fate.
     What a Woman Will Do.
     White Savior.
     Widow’s Claim.
     Wrong Weight.


                                   V

 VITAGRAPH COMPANY OF AMERICA.
   1905.
     Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.
     Black and White.
     Burglar Bill.
     Escape from Sing Sing.
     Flags and Faces of all Races.
     Green Goods Man.
     License No. 13.
     Man Wanted.
     Monsieur Beaucaire.
     Moving Day.
     Newsboy.
     Oh! You Dirty Boy!
     Raffles, the Amateur Cracksman.
     Servant Girl Problem.
   1906.
     Acrobatic Burglars.
     All Aboard!
     And the Villain Still Pursued Her.
     Automobile Thieves.
     Bryan’s Reception in New York.
     Dynamiting Ruins and Pulling Down Walls in San Francisco.
     Flat Dwellers.
     Foul Play.
     Humorous Phases of Funny Faces.
     Indian’s Revenge.
     Jail Bird and How He Flew.
     Lost Collar Button.
     Love vs. Title.
     Man with the Ladder and the Hose.
     Mid-Winter Night’s Dream.
     Modern Oliver Twist.
     Mother in-Law.
     Naval Review at Oyster Bay.
     Nobody Works Like Father.
     Oh! That Limburger.
     100 to 1 Shot.
     Pals.
     Please Help the Blind.
     Post No Bills.
     Prospectors.
     Race for a Wife.
     Secret Service.
     Snapshot Fiend.
   1907.
     Amateur Night.
     Athletic American Girls.
     Awkward Man.
     Baby Elephant.
     Bad Man: a Tale of the West.
     Bandits.
     Bargain Fiend.
     Bathing Under Difficulties.
     Belle of the Ball.
     Boy, the Bust and the Bath.
     Bunco Steerers, and, How They Were Caught.
     Burglar.
     Burglar and the Baby.
     Cast Up by the Sea.
     Caught.
     Clown’s Love Story.
     Crazy Quilt.
     Curious Dream.
     Deceiver.
     Despatch Bearer.
     Disintegrated Convict.
     Double-Barreled Suicide.
     Easterner.
     Father’s Quiet Sunday.
     Fish Story.
     Flat Dwellers.
     Forty Winks.
     Fountain of Youth.
     Francesca di Rimini.
     Fun in a Fotograf Gallery.
     Ghost Story.
     Gypsy’s Warning.
     Haunted Hotel.
     Hero.
     Horse of Another Color.
     How To Cure a Cold.
     Indian Love Story.
     Inquisitive Boy.
     Intermittent Alarm Clock.
     Jealous Wife.
     Kitchen Maid’s Dream.
     Last Cartridge.
     Laughing Gas.
     Lightning Sketches.
     Liquid Electricity.
     Little Hero.
     Lost in an Arizona Desert.
     Lost, Strayed or Stolen.
     Man, Hat and Cocktail.
     Masquerade Party.
     Mechanical Statue and the Ingenious Servant.
     Mill Girl.
     Miser’s Hoard.
     Need of Gold.
     Night in Dreamland.
     On the Stage.
     One Man Base Ball.
     Piker’s Dream.
     Pirates’ Treasure.
     Purchasing an Automobile.
     Retribution.
     Shaughraun.
     Slave.
     Soldier’s Dream.
     Spy.
     Square Deal: the End of the Bad Man.
     Starving Artist.
     Stolen Pig.
     Story of Treasure Island.
     Tale of the Sea.
     Two Thousand Miles Without a Dollar.
     Under False Colors.
     Veiled Beauty.
     White Man’s First Smoke.
     Work Made Easy.
     Wrong Flat.
   1908.
     After Midnight.
     Airship.
     Antony and Cleopatra.
     At the Stage Door.
     Auto Heroine.
     Avenged.
     Bachelor’s Baby.
     Barbara Fritchie.
     Bathing.
     Bill, the Bill Poster, and Pete, the Paperhanger.
     Braggart.
     Bride of Lammermoor.
     Bride of Tabaiva.
     Buried Alive.
     By a Woman’s Wit.
     Captured by Telephone.
     Case of Spirits.
     Castaways.
     Charity Begins at Home.
     Chieftain’s Revenge.
     Child’s Prayer.
     Chorus Girl.
     Christmas in Paradise Alley.
     Circumstantial Evidence.
     Clown’s Christmas Eve.
     Comedy of Errors.
     Cowboy Elopement.
     Cupid’s Realm.
     Cure for Bashfulness.
     Dancer and the King.
     Dancing Legs.
     Dearly Paid for Kiss.
     Determined Lover.
     Devil and the Gambler.
     Discoverers.
     Dora: a Rustic Idyll.
     Dream of Wealth.
     Dreams of a Policeman.
     Drummer’s Day off.
     Dumb Witness.
     Duty Versus Revenge.
     East Lynne.
     Elf King.
     Farmer’s Daughter.
     Female Politician, Mrs. Bell, Is Nominated for Mayor.
     Flower Girl.
     Flower Girl of Paris.
     Fool and His Money Are Soon Parted.
     For He’s a Jolly Good Fellow.
     Fresh Air Fiend.
     Galvanic Fluid.
     Gambler.
     Get Me a Stepladder.
     Good Boy.
     Gratitude.
     Guilty Conscience.
     Gypsy’s Revenge.
     Hazers.
     He Got Soap in His Eyes.
     He Went To See the Devil Play.
     Her Newsboy Friend.
     H. R. H. the Prince of Wales Decorating the Monument of Champlain
        and Receiving Addresses of Welcome from the Mayor of Quebec, the
        Governor General of Canada and Vice-President Fairbanks,
        Representative of the United States.
     H. R. H. the Prince of Wales Viewing the Grand Military Review on
        the Plains of Abraham, Quebec.
     Heroine of the Forge.
     House Cleaning Days.
     House To Let.
     How Jones Saw the Carnival.
     How Simpkins Discovered the North Pole.
     Husband’s Revenge.
     In the Days of the Pilgrims.
     Indian Bitters.
     Indian’s Honor.
     Inn of Death.
     Jealous Old Maid.
     Jealousy!
     Jessie, the Stolen Child.
     John’s New Suit.
     Julius Caesar.
     Just Plain Folks.
     Kind-Hearted Bootblack.
     Lady Jane’s Flight.
     Leah, the Forsaken.
     Leap Year Proposals of an Old Maid.
     Levitsky’s Insurance Policy.
     Little Detective.
     Lonely Gentleman.
     Love Laughs at Locksmiths.
     Lover’s Ruse.
     Lover’s Stratagems.
     MacBeth, Shakespeare’s Sublime Tragedy.
     Making Moving Pictures.
     Mardi Gras Parade at Coney Island.
     Mashing the Masher.
     Merchant of Venice.
     Merry Widow Hat.
     Merry Widower.
     Mexican Love Story.
     Miner’s Daughter.
     Money Lender.
     Monkeyland.
     Mother-in-Law and the Artist’s
     Model.
     Mother’s Crime.
     Mourners.
     Mummer’s Daughter.
     Naughty Little Princess.
     Nellie, the Beautiful Housemaid.
     Night Out.
     Noble Jester.
     Odd Pair of Limbs.
     Orphan.
     Painting.
     Parlez Vous Francais?
     Patriot.
     Peasant Girl’s Loyalty.
     Poisoned Bouquet.
     Press Gang.
     Professor’s Trip to the Country.
     Promise! Henri Promises Never To Gamble Again.
     Reception for the Victorious Olympic Team of American Athletes at
        City Hall, New York.
     Renunciation.
     Reprieve.
     Richard III.
     Right of the Seigneur.
     Romance of the Alps.
     Romeo and Juliet.
     Rustic Heroine.
     Salome.
     Salt Did It.
     Selfish Man.
     Shaughraun.
     She Wanted To Be an Actress.
     Sheridan’s Ride.
     Shoemaker of Coepenick.
     Sister’s Love.
     Slippery Jim’s Repentance.
     Slumberland.
     Sold Again.
     Spanish Romance.
     Stage-Struck Daughter.
     Stolen Plans.
     Story That Boots Told.
     Stricken Blind.
     Summer Idyl.
     Tale of a Shirt.
     Tale of the Crusades.
     Tale of the Harem.
     Telepathic Warning.
     Tercentenary Celebrations To Commemorate the 300th Anniversary of
        the Founding of Quebec by Champlain.
     Thieving Hand.
     Tit for Tat.
     Too Much Champagne.
     Tragedy of Japan.
     Troubles of a Flirt.
     True Hearts Are More than Coronets.
     Turning the Tables.
     ’Twixt Love and Duty.
     Two Affinities.
     Two Broken Hearts.
     Two Sons.
     Two Traveling Boys.
     Two’s Company, Three’s a Crowd.
     Viking’s Daughter.
     Wages of Sin.
     Water Sprite.
     Weary’s Christmas Dinner.
     Western Courtship.
     What One Small Boy Can Do.
     When Casey Joined the Lodge.
     Who Needed the Dough?
     Wife’s Devotion.
     Willie’s Fall from Grace.
     Wishbone.
     Witch.
     Workingman’s Dream.
     Yens Yensen, the Swedish Butcher Boy.
   1909.
     Adventures of a Drummer Boy.
     Adventures of Fifine.
     Alpine Echo.
     And His Coat Came Back.
     Artist’s Revenge.
     Auto Maniac.
     Belated Meal.
     Betty’s Choice.
     Birth and Adventures of a Fountain Pen.
     Borrowed Clothes.
     Brave Irish Lass.
     Bridget on Strike.
     C. Q. D.
     Caught at Last.
     Children of the Plains.
     Cigarette Making: from Plantation to Consumer.
     Cleopatra’s Lover.
     Clever Trick.
     Cobbler and the Caliph.
     Cohen at Coney Island.
     Cohen’s Dream of Coney Island.
     Colonial Romance.
     Cure for Rheumatism.
     Day in Washington.
     Deacon’s Love Letter.
     Diamond Maker.
     Dime Novel Dan.
     Dramatist’s Dream.
     Duke’s Jester.
     Dynamite Waistcoat.
     Empty Sleeve.
     Evil That Men Do.
     Faithful Fool.
     False Accusation.
     Fantine.
     Fisherman.
     For Her Country’s Sake.
     For Her Sake.
     For Her Sweetheart’s Sake.
     Forgiven.
     Foundling—a Dressing Room Waif.
     Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed.
     Friend in the Enemy’s Camp.
     Galley Slave.
     Georgia Wedding.
     Gift of Youth.
     Grin and Win.
     He Couldn’t Dance, But He Learned.
     He Tried on Handcuffs.
     His First Girl.
     Home at Last.
     Honor of the Slums.
     How the Kids Got Even.
     Hunchback.
     Infernal Machine.
     Instructions by Correspondence.
     Irish Hero.
     Jephthah’s Daughter.
     Judge Not That Ye Be Not Judged.
     Judge’s Whiskers and the Magic Hair Restorer.
     Judgment of Solomon.
     Kenilworth.
     Led Astray.
     Liberty for an Hour.
     Life Drama of Napoleon Bonaparte and Empress Josephine of France.
     Little Father.
     Little Orphan.
     Lost in a Folding Bed.
     Lost Sheep.
     Love of the Pasha’s Son.
     Magic Fountain Pen.
     Marathon Craze.
     Marathon Race.
     Marble Heart.
     Marriage of Convenience.
     Midwinter Sports.
     Mine at Last.
     Mr. Physical Culture’s Surprise Party.
     Mogg Megone.
     Napoleon: the Man of Destiny.
     Never Eat Green Apples.
     Niagara in Winter Dress.
     Obdurate Father.
     Old Organ.
     Old Sweethearts of Mine.
     Oliver Twist.
     Onawandah.
     Oriental Mystic.
     Outcast, Or Heroine.
     Parted, But United Again.
     Perpetual Proposal.
     Plain Mame.
     Plot That Failed.
     Poor Musician.
     Princess Nicotine.
     Romance of an Umbrella.
     Romance of Old Mexico.
     Ruy Blas.
     Saul and David: the Biblical Story of the Shepherd Boy Who Became
        King of the Israelites.
     Scales of Justice.
     Sculptor’s Love.
     Shakespeare’s Tragedy, King Lear.
     Shepherd’s Daughter.
     Siren’s Necklace.
     Skiing Tournament at Ishpeming, Mich.
     Student Days.
     Sword and the King.
     Tax on Bachelors.
     Teddy in Jungleland.
     Treasure.
     Troubles of an Amateur.
     Truant.
     Truer Love.
     Unspoken Goodbye.
     Virginius.
     Washington Under the American Flag.
     Washington Under the British Flag.
     Way of the Cross.
     Wealthy Rival.
     Wearybones Seeks Rest, and Gets It.
     Where There’s a Will There’s a Way.
     Woman’s Way.
     Wooden Indians.
   1911.
     Vanity Fair.
   1912.
     Coffyn Hydroaeroplane Alighting in East River, N. Y.
     New York City and Manhattan Bridge from Coffyn Hydroaeroplane.
     Scene of Manhattan Bridge from Coffyn Hydroaeroplane.
     Scene of New York City and Brooklyn Bridge from Coffyn
        Hydroaeroplane.
     Scene of “the Battery” N. Y. City from Coffyn Hydroaeroplane.


                                   W

 WHITE, JAMES H.
   1899.
     Battle of Jeffries and Sharkey for Championship of the World.
     Jeffries-Sharkey Contest.
     Love and War.

 WINTHROP MOVING PICTURE COMPANY.
   1907.
     Christy Mathewson, N. Y. National League Baseball Team.
     Dancing Boxing Match, Montgomery and Stone.
     Dutch Kiddies: Montgomery and Stone.
     Grant’s Tomb.
     Marceline, the World-Renowned Clown of the N. Y. Hippodrome.

 WORLD FILM MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
   1908.
     Dynamiter.

 WORLD’S BEST FILM COMPANY.
   1911.
     Crusaders.
   1912.
     Wreck of the “Aurora.”




                  Publications of the Copyright Office
                                  1953


  _Catalog of Copyright Entries_, Third Series, 1947 to date.

    Published semiannually in 11 sections. Annual subscription price for
    all sections, $20.00.

    Lists annually the works registered in the Copyright Office,
    currently amounting to over 200,000 books, pamphlets, periodicals,
    dramas, musical compositions, maps, works of art, prints and labels,
    motion pictures, and filmstrips.

    Published by authority of sections 210 and 211 of Title 17 of the
    United States Code. Section 210 provides: “The current catalog of
    copyright entries and the index volumes herein provided for shall be
    admitted in any court as prima facie evidence of the facts stated
    therein as regards any copyright registration.”

    Certain parts constitute basic bibliographies in their fields and
    represent the only comprehensive listing of their respective
    materials.

    _Subscriptions may be placed for one or more parts or for the whole
    series. The prices given below are for an annual subscription._

    _Order from, and make remittances payable to, the Register of
    Copyrights, Library of Congress, Washington 25, D. C._

    _Write to the Register of Copyrights concerning availability and
    prices of the Catalog before 1947._

  _Books and Selected Pamphlets_ (Part 1A)

    Lists annually about 16,000 registrations for books and selected
    pamphlets, of which some 45 percent were first published abroad.
    Alphabetical arrangement by author, with title index. Numbers for
    1951 and later include indexing of claimants. $3.00.

  _Pamphlets, Serials, and Contributions to Periodicals_ (Part 1B)

    Lists annually about 39,000 registrations. Alphabetical arrangement
    by author, claimant, and title. $3.00.

  _Periodicals_ (Part 2)

    Lists annually about 55,000 registrations, under 4,000 titles, of
    periodicals and newspapers. Alphabetical arrangement by title.
    Contains supplementary list of new periodicals. $2.00.

  _Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral Delivery_ (Parts 3–4)

    Lists annually about 5,000 registrations, approximately 70 percent
    of which are unpublished dramatic and dramatico-musical works.
    Alphabetical arrangement by author, except that radio and television
    programs are listed under title. Lectures, sermons, and addresses
    are also included in this Catalog. $2.00.

  _Published Music_ (Part 5A)

    Lists annually about 16,000 registrations of published music, of
    which approximately one-half were published abroad. Alphabetical
    arrangement by composer or author, with title index, claimant index,
    and classified index. $3.00.

  _Unpublished Music_ (Part 5B)

    Lists annually about 40,000 registrations of unpublished music.
    Alphabetical arrangement by title, with index to names of authors
    and claimants. $3.00.

  _Renewal Registrations_—Music (Part 5C, formerly Part 14B)

    Lists annually about 8,500 renewal copyright registrations for
    musical compositions. Alphabetical arrangement by title. $2.00.

  _Maps and Atlases_ (Part 6)

    Lists annually about 2,700 registrations for maps, atlases, and
    globes. Alphabetical arrangement under name of person or
    organization primarily responsible for the content of the map.
    Numbers for 1951 and later contain a subject and area index and a
    publishers’ directory with complete addresses. $ 1.00.

  _Works of Art, Reproductions of Works of Art, Scientific and Technical
    Drawings, Photographic Works, Prints and Pictorial Illustrations_
    (Parts 7–11A)

    Lists annually about 10,000 registrations. Alphabetical arrangement
    by author or title. $2.00.

  _Commercial Prints and Labels_ (Part 11B)

    Lists annually about 8,500 registrations for prints and labels
    published in connection with the sale or advertisement of articles
    of merchandise and registered for copyright. Alphabetical
    arrangement by claimant. $2.00.

  _Motion Pictures and Filmstrips_ (Parts 12–13)

    Lists annually about 2,500 registrations for filmstrips and
    theatrical and nontheatrical motion pictures. Alphabetical
    arrangement by title, with a classified list arranged under headings
    which indicate the general nature or intended use of the films, a
    subject index for nontheatrical films, and an index of claimants,
    producing companies, sponsors, and authors. $1.00.

  _Renewal Registrations—Literature, Art, Film_ (Part 14A)

    Available for 1947, 1948, 1949, and 1950. _Renewal registrations for
    1951 and later are listed with their respective classes, except
    music renewals which are listed in Part 5C, described above._ $1.00.

  _Dramatic Compositions Copyrighted in the United States, 1870 to
    1916._ 2 vols. 1918.

    Includes all titles for dramatic works registered from July 21,
    1870, to December 31, 1916, inclusive; upward of 60,000 titles.
    Alphabetical arrangement by title, with index of claimants, authors,
    editors, etc. $4.00.

  _Motion Pictures, 1894–1912._ 1953.

    Lists about 6,000 works registered as photographs in the Copyright
    Office and identified as motion pictures by Mr. Howard L. Walls,
    Curator of the Motion Picture Collection of the Academy of Motion
    Picture Arts and Sciences. Alphabetical arrangement by title, with
    an index to claimants. $2.00.

  _Motion Pictures, 1912–1939._ 1951. $18.00.

  _Motion Pictures, 1940–1949._ 1953. $10.00.

    These two volumes belong to the _Catalog of Copyright Entries,
    Cumulative Series_. They list approximately 70,000 motion pictures
    registered in the Copyright Office from August 24, 1912 to December
    31, 1949. Alphabetical arrangement of each volume is by title with
    an index to authors, claimants, and producing and distributing
    companies, and a list of series titles.

  _Regulations of the Copyright Office._ A reprint of the Code of
    Federal Regulations, Title 37, Chapter II. Free.

  _The Copyright Office of the United States._ 1952. A general
    description of the organization and functions of the Copyright
    Office. Free.

    _The following publications may be ordered from the Register of
    Copyrights, Library of Congress, Washington 25, D. C., or from the
    Superintendent of Documents, U. S. Government Printing Office,
    Washington 25, D. C._

        _Copyright in Congress_, 1789–1904. A bibliography and
          chronological record of all proceedings in Congress in
          relation to copyright. (Bulletin 8) 468 p. 1905. Cloth, 65
          cents.

        _Copyright Law of the United States of America._ (Bulletin 14),
          1953 edition. 20 cents.

        _Decisions of the United States Courts Involving Copyright._

                        1909–14 (Bulletin 17) 65 cents.
                        1914–17 (Bulletin 18) $1.00.
                        1918–24 (Bulletin 19) $1.75.
                        1924–35 (Bulletin 20) $2.75.
                        1935–37 (Bulletin 21) 75 cents.
                        1938–39 (Bulletin 22) 75 cents.
                        1939–40 (Bulletin 23) $1.00.
                        1941–43 (Bulletin 24) $2.00.
                        1944–46 (Bulletin 25) $1.50.
                        1947–48 (Bulletin 26) $1.75.
                        1949–50 (Bulletin 27) $2.00.
                        1951–52 (Bulletin 28) in process.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                          TRANSCRIBER’S NOTES


 1. Corrected all the “ERRATA” suggestions from p. 12.
 2. Added all the “ADDENDA” entries beginning on p. 12.
 3. Number 6 in the “KIT CARSON” series was skipped on p. 32.
 4. The registration number for “104TH STREET CURVE, NEW YORK, ELEVATED
      RAILWAY” on p. 43 was undecipherable.
 5. Changed “THROWING MAIL INTO GAGS” to “THROWING MAIL INTO BAGS” on p.
      61 to agree with entry on p. 73.
 6. Registration number for “WHAT ONE SMALL BOY CAN DO” is missing on p.
      67.
 7. Silently corrected typographical errors.
 8. Retained anachronistic and non-standard spellings as printed.
 9. Enclosed italics font in _underscores_.





End of Project Gutenberg's Motion Pictures, 1894-1912, by Howard Lamarr Walls

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK MOTION PICTURES, 1894-1912 ***

***** This file should be named 56966-0.txt or 56966-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/6/9/6/56966/

Produced by Richard Tonsing and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net (This file was
produced from images generously made available by The
Internet Archive)


Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

